get started open in app akbar shah 33 followers about follow sign in get started follow 33 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·dec 26, 2020 life of a designer through funny memes it’s year-end and it is a fun time of the year. we have all been stressed enough during the entire 2020 and it is time we should leave the past and welcome the new year with all fun and excitement. in today’s blog post, i am sharing a collection of funny web design memes hoping to tickle the funnier side of our regular designer’s lives. so let’s laugh out loud and enjoy. so was spider man a web designer? or every web designer a spider man? i will leave that to you. read more in nyc design · 3 min read 1 apr 25, 2020 mega list of remote jobs websites & freelance website — designxplorer there is a growing need for remote jobs. the current global epidemic has made us realize working from remote locations is not only possible but is here to stay for long. remote jobs website lists all the remote job opportunities available and you will see a lot of professionals currently visiting these websites to find jobs. with coronavirus spreading globally, it only makes sense to keep social distancing, and working from home helps you maintain social distancing and stay safe. remote jobs allow professionals to work outside of regular office space. in short, it does not depend on a physical… read more · 3 min read apr 17, 2020 6 excellent ideas to make passive income for designers — designxplorer nowadays, there are a lot of ways to make passive income for designers. more designers want to generate additional income streams, so that they don’t depend completely on their regular work and at the same time prepare enough cushion to any uncertainties. passive income for designers has always been an interesting topic for designers. hence we think this article will be useful to you. initially, side hustling might sound like something that doesn’t require any effort. but that’s not true. if you want to make additional income, you need to put some time and effort. you don’t have to work… read more · 3 min read published in nyc design ·mar 29, 2020 our top recommendations for best ux design books we have compiled a list of best ux design books that have helped many designers to achieve a successful design outcome. if you also lay your hands on any of these books, you will be privy of knowledge of design. continue reading to see what each book has to offer. we have taken our time to come up with a list of the best ux design books for designers to read to become great designers. there is a general saying, “knowledge is power”. in today’s world, gaining knowledge online is a thread, and people find it easy to gain knowledge… read more in nyc design · 8 min read 1 published in nyc design ·mar 22, 2020 how to prepare and work as a remote employee for designers originally published at https://designxplorer.co on march 14, 2020. to subscribe to our newsletter, click here covid-19 isn’t treating anyone nicely. a lot of things have been happening, and economies are hitting low regardless of the country’s growth. apart from worries about the economy, now the time has come to focus more on healthcare rather than the economy. this is why people across the world have been asked to work from home. working from home (wfh) isn’t a big deal for freelancers because they have been doing it, and that’s how they work. but what about the ones who have been working in offices and following corporate jobs? they might find this hard, and wfh might… read more in nyc design · 8 min read 27 1 published in nyc design ·mar 14, 2020 15 best cursive fonts for designers free in 2020 cursive fonts add the perfect touch of an archaic aura in your designs. whether its normal text or a poster or banner, cursive fonts can take up almost any deal to produce results that mimic formal writing style. cursive fonts are used by many to create a more attention-grabbing design, or text because many people prefer not using them in this age of human evolution. there was a time when good handwriting meant everything, and cursive fonts bring that time back in the mind of the viewer, inducing and building trust and comfort. … read more in nyc design · 9 min read 5 1 published in nyc design ·feb 22, 2020 inspiring ted talks — three 20 mins short videos to motivate you — designxplorer it’s incredible how a 20-minute short video with just someone talking can change the way you view the world. today we’ll take a look at three very inspiring and mind-opening speeches held on the stage of ted talks: 1. stop waiting for life to happen(peter sage) 2. what if you could trade a paperclip for a house? (kyle macdonald) 3. the skill of self-confidence (dr. ivan joseph) in the past, getting access to great ideas, especially for free, hasn’t been easy at all, but thanks to modern-day technology and the power of the internet, we are all one click away… read more in nyc design · 7 min read published in nyc design ·feb 16, 2020 17 best upcoming ux & design conferences in 2020 — designxplorer one of the best ways to keep up with the latest trends and news in the web design world is definitely attending to the ux conferences. these events are also a great opportunity to learn more about user experience and meeting with professionals in the field who share the same passion as you. ux and design conferences from all around the globe happen every year and typically pride themselves with hundreds of design and research leaders coming together to sharpen their skills and abilities to think, create, discuss and inspire. if you are someone that wants to move their design… read more in nyc design · 8 min read jan 26, 2020 the complete beginner’s guide to design systems nowadays, more and more companies focus on the design system, and thus, the popularity of the term ‘design systems’ begins to rise exponentially. this is not a coincidence as the design system is a powerful way to help skyrocket the development of products and services, making it a valuable tool for businesses around the world. the complete beginner's guide to design systems not all design systems are built the same. there are different design system styles made to serve a specific need in a specific style, depending on what the individual person, business, needs, etc. if you are a beginner… read more · 10 min read show more published in nyc design ·jan 11, 2020 20 best number fonts for displaying stylish numbers amongst the many different aspects of typography, there is one of them that is quite popular yet has nothing to do with words or letters. that’s right; we are talking about numbers. but don’t worry, this isn’t going to be one of those boring math classes you had in 5th grade. sometimes numbers could be a bit boring but fortunately for you after reading through this article you’ll be able to bring the artsy side of numbers and inspire people with them. today in this article, we are going to approach the fun side of numbers shifting your perspective and… read more in nyc design · 12 min read 14 akbar shah ux | frontend designer & developer. www.akbarhshah.com about help legal get the medium app