get started open in app anastasia kas 181 followers about follow sign in get started follow 181 followers about get started open in app published in frontend weekly ·nov 4, 2019 making typography pop with css: 5 little-known useful properties photo by jason leung on unsplash long gone are the days of using actual images every time you need to stylize your font. when it comes to type, recently nearly everything is possible with css, although sometimes it requires workarounds and unnecessarily large chunks of code. the good news is both native css properties, as well as browser support for them, are quite on top of the issue, and every year more features are supported out of the box. … read more in frontend weekly · 4 min read 27 published in frontend weekly ·sep 25, 2019 matrices and how to use them in css what matrices are, and how to use them in css 2d transformations. photo by shapelined on unsplash in the april of this year, i finally decided to commit to an official computer science degree, after looking around i set my heart on bsc from university of london as they had a ux specialism, and that meant i could stick with my hybrid skillset, while deepening an understanding of technologies behind every platform i might ever have the joy to design for. long story short, as much as i love learning new things, certain mathematical concepts proved quite difficult to sink in, as you quite… read more in frontend weekly · 5 min read published in ux collective ·jul 21, 2019 being a designer-developer hybrid in 2019 job titles, skillset and portfolio examples for designers who code and coders who design. photo by william iven on unsplash personal thoughts just to be clear this isn’t yet another article about whether designers should code or not, this is for designers who already code and do full-fledged front-end development. if you have ever tried looking around for inspiration, motivation and role models, you may have tried googling “unicorn”, “designer-developer hybrid”, “devigner” or whatever the most current label is. unfortunately, by doing so you will likely find many articles by angry designers and developers alike saying that you just can’t do both, or that you’re doomed to be bad at either if you ever attempt it, which is somewhat strange because i… read more in ux collective · 5 min read 477 3 published in sider ·jul 16, 2019 enforcing custom rules for material ui react library with goodcheck linter material ui logo is taken from https://material-ui.com/ in later years we have seen the rise in popularity of multiple out-of-box ui solutions: first libraries (see bootstrap, foundation etc), and later more complex but all-purpose flexible guidelines like google’s material design. many companies also choose to use custom design systems and libraries to streamline their product development process. however, enforcing custom documentation is one of the common struggles, especially with larger teams. here we’ll have a look at how to automatically enforce your custom ui-specific rules on top of material ui with a customizable linter goodcheck, you can use the same principles to enforce your custom design guidelines… read more in sider · 4 min read 50 published in ux collective ·may 10, 2019 free online tools for ui/ux to try in 2019 it’s an exciting time to be alive as a designer, every year a number of tools come out that make our work easier and more exciting by removing repetitive boring tasks from our lives. with the rise of ai and ml that we can see especially sharply in 2019, as well as good ol’ contributions by fellow designers and developers, the year has already brought in some exciting tools and even if you can’t include them into your workflow, they’re still a joy to use for fun. remove.bg remove background from image - remove.bg remove image background: 100% automatically - in 5 seconds - without a single click - for free. www.remove.bg this tool is ?1 on my list since i have been using it… read more in ux collective · 5 min read 189 2 published in ux collective ·mar 28, 2019 a look at ia and navigation models for mobile if you’re in charge of designing applications or websites, you will be at least somewhat familiar with ia (information architecture). as it goes, ia is the structural design, or simply put — bones of your application, if the bones are weak, everything else will eventually start falling apart. the field itself is nowhere new and has been around since the 70s, not only preceding mobile ux, but web as a whole by decades. ia takes its roots in many fields that are now used in user experience design, including library science, architecture and cognitive psychology. “i mean architect as used… read more in ux collective · 4 min read 106 published in ux collective ·jan 24, 2019 ui/ux sketching techniques 101 photo by jason coudriet on unsplash ux design is indeed a complicated multi-step process. there are no fit-all guidelines and practices, and what you do will vary from project to project. one thing seems to stay constant, however, whether you’re bettering or designing a new feature, part of a flow, or an entire app from scratch — and that is a paper-pencil sketching step. … read more in ux collective · 4 min read 414 2 published in nyc design ·jul 13, 2018 creating ui shadows that don’t suck photo by martino pietropoli on unsplash with the possibilities of modern css and multiple material design libraries, it is understandable why shadows are used in so many modern interfaces. they let you create multi-dimensional designs that are realistic looking, easy to develop and have that modern look and feel. in spite of being used so widely, some interfaces look just so much better than the others. i wanted to write why this happens and what the general rules of thumb are when working with shadows in user interfaces. 1. make shadows subtle read more in nyc design · 3 min read 273 3 published in nyc design ·apr 30, 2018 running usability testing on the cheap photo by taras shypka on unsplash usability testing is important, and there’s no arguing with that. it’s a large part of design thinking and materialization to be specific. a step which can turn an ok idea into a great product and by omitting which you’re risking losing users, money, time or all of the above. so why aren’t all companies big and small running it? most of the time the problem lies in the available resources, especially when it comes to start-ups. … read more in nyc design · 4 min read 6 show more feb 10, 2018 5 of your favorite illustrator tools in figma if you are like me, you may have started using figma, or are considering moving to it, without going through the phase of using sketch first. there are different reasons why one would move away from adobe, but for me personally, the greatest merits to using figma are that it’s free or very modestly priced for bigger projects, browser-based so you can use it from any machine anywhere, and easy to prototype in. photo by nordwood themes on unsplash most graphic and web designers come from a background of using predominantly adobe products as a software to make their ideas come true, and being one myself… read more · 3 min read 219 4 anastasia kas ui designer & developer. (https://anastasia-kas.com/) about help legal get the medium app