beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer android how to customize android 11 power menu using power menu controls android snapdragon 888 vs a14 bionic: the silicon battle latest android how to fix google play services battery drain issue on android just like windows 10, android has its fair share of problems that continue to hamper the experience, no matter which android version you are... arjun sha - apr 3, 2021 how to run adb commands on android without a computer while adb is generally built for developers to test apps, it's also quite helpful to the average consumer. for example, it allows you to... arjun sha - apr 1, 2021 snapdragon 780g vs snapdragon 765g: the best mid-range 5g chipset? after the unveiling of qualcomm's new 5g-enabled 7-series chipsets, the line between mid-range and flagship chipsets is getting blurred pretty often. recently, we have... arjun sha - mar 30, 2021 how to change google assistant voice and language on android, ios google assistant started out with just one voice (female), one language (english), and one accent (american) but has since expanded to offer multiple voices... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 how to disable shopping feature in microsoft edge on windows 10 and android in its chromium avatar, microsoft edge is regarded as one of the best web browsers across desktops and mobile devices. however, with an update... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 oneplus 9 pro hasselblad camera: worth the hype? oneplus has just launched the oneplus 9 series and while the phones come with decidedly flagship specs on paper, what’s really interesting about them... akshay gangwar - mar 23, 2021 how to take screenshot in firefox private mode on android most modern android browsers prevent users from taking screenshots in incognito or private mode to safeguard the user's privacy. however, you can configure the... kishalaya kundu - mar 20, 2021 10 best firefox add-ons (extensions) for android devices firefox add-ons might have originally only been available on desktop platforms, but mozilla extended add-ons support to the android version of the browser last... kishalaya kundu - mar 19, 2021 17 best android 12 features coming to your phone following the first android 12 developer preview last month, google has now released the second developer preview. the update brings a myriad of new... subin b - mar 18, 2021 how to schedule work profile on android phones google seems to have silently rolled out a new digital wellbeing feature that lets users schedule work profile on their android phones. first spotted... subin b - mar 18, 2021 how to prevent android apps from using data in the background for someone like me who doesn't want apps to do analytics and share my data in the background, i always disable their background data... arjun sha - mar 18, 2021 how to measure heart rate and respiratory rate using your pixel phone last month, google announced its plans to let pixel owners measure heart rate and respiratory rate using their smartphone's camera. the feature has now... subin b - mar 17, 2021 how to always open chrome and firefox in incognito mode by default on android browsing in private mode, or 'incognito', as google calls it, protects users from various web trackers that could potentially jeopardize your privacy. we have... kishalaya kundu - mar 16, 2021 3 ways to turn any website into an android app installing too many apps on your phone not only slows it down, but also makes it less battery-efficient. many of the apps also ask... kishalaya kundu - mar 8, 2021 how to delete and disable cookies in google chrome on android and windows http cookies were originally meant for websites to remember useful information about the user so as to better serve them. they are, however, often... kishalaya kundu - mar 5, 2021 how to print any document from your android device modern-day smartphones have eliminated the need to keep a hard copy of a document. but if you want to print something, android smartphones let... arjun sha - mar 5, 2021 10 best bass booster and equalizer apps on android if you love your music with extra bass, you know that the default equalizer on your android music player app isn't nearly good enough... kishalaya kundu - mar 4, 2021 10 best tips to use youtube shorts on iphone and android soon after the indian government banned tiktok due to the ever-growing security and privacy concerns, several challengers came out swinging to fill the void. as... rajesh mishra - mar 3, 2021 16 cool chrome flags for android you should try the chrome browser is the most widely used browser on android and that’s because it comes pre-loaded on most android phones and regularly offers... arjun sha - feb 26, 2021 10 best apps to control windows pc with android and iphone remote access applications, like logmein and teamviewer, let you access windows pcs from another windows device in a server/ client configuration. however, did you know... kishalaya kundu - feb 26, 2021 123...51page 1 of 51 popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle partner content mygate: the must have app for gated communities! recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited