get started open in app andreea popescu 501 followers about follow sign in get started follow 501 followers about get started open in app published in ux collective ·jun 24, 2020 five lessons i have learned being a design chapter lead *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. once upon a time… oh, wait, not so far, but since december 2019, all my perspectives and professional life have changed, and i started to face a new challenge, a one i like: being ux&ui chapter lead or shorter design chapter lead. i was and actually am grateful that the manager saw in me a person who has the capabilities to lead a team, and especially, more important, to build a team, a great one (and it’s not just me that i am thinking like this). … read more in ux collective · 7 min read 147 published in nyc design ·mar 4, 2020 web accessibility for physical or motor impairments image source: physical disability study *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. ** this article is part of “what accessibility is and why it’s so important” designing for all people is not an easy activity, but the result will make you become a better specialist in your domain, and, also, may increase the positive impact you can have around you. we are all different, we behave differently, and can be met, also, when we are navigating on a website or application. as passionates and/or specialists in the ux or cx domains you should spend some time to treat some special navigating… read more in nyc design · 3 min read 21 published in ux collective ·jan 7, 2020 a checklist for conducting individual in-depth interviews image source: link *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. if someone will ask me which is my favorite research method i would respond right away that in-depth interviews. my first interview, as an interviewer happened in 2014, and i remember how timorous i was and, at the same time, how amazed about how people are thinking — a fact that made to explore more the neuroscience from the ux perspective. … read more in ux collective · 4 min read 50 published in ux collective ·jan 1, 2020 what shadowing taught me about caregivers image source: link *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. in the last couple of years, i worked on projects designed to help the caregivers, projects that meant to me more than anything because, despite the fact i am a ux professional, i am a patient, too. so, those projects, primary focused on helped caregivers, were designed to help patients — if you have a happy caregiver (in terms of using your app), the patient will have a good experience during his or her stay in the hospital. somehow, for those projects i wasn’t just the professional who did… read more in ux collective · 5 min read 24 published in ux collective ·dec 3, 2019 how to build a customer journey map image source: link *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. customer journey maps can be visually expressed in a wide manner, but all of them are following a base and, on that, you can create more and more, depending which are your needs and can become very complicated. adam richardson of frog design, writing in harvard business review says: “a customer journey map is a very simple idea: a diagram that illustrates the steps your customer(s) go through in engaging with your company, whether it be a product, an online experience, retail experience, or a service, or any combination… read more in ux collective · 4 min read 188 published in ux collective ·nov 27, 2019 a short introduction to customer journey maps image source: link *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. when we discussed what empathy means, we said that is the ability to put in someone else’s shoes. it is not easy for everyone to have the possibility to have a deep understanding of some reasons, but with the help of a few tools, the team involved in developing a product can achieve this. the most know tools in this direction, are empathy maps and customer/user journey maps. … read more in ux collective · 3 min read 47 published in ux collective ·oct 30, 2019 the “art” of motivating a ux designer image source: link *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. a few weeks ago i wrote an article about how a ux designer can get demotivated for various reasons (you can read it here). it was an article i wrote to summarize just a few from those reasons that, sometimes, can demotivate you, even you like your job very much. but, after the feedback, i received from many of you (so, thanks a lot for reading the article), i decided to write, also, the reverse of it because it is not all about demotivation, but also about motivation. … read more in ux collective · 5 min read 106 published in ux collective ·oct 15, 2019 the ux process for healthcare apps image source: oscar health by laura alejo *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. *the article was published in romanian on today software magazine. one of the constant challenges of humanity has been and continues to be the quality of life and its extension. however, in the current context, both globalization and technology have brought with them new diseases and rare medical problems, which is why hospitals have begun to be increasingly assaulted by many patients seeking treatment modalities. this has led to the continuous development of how patients are treated, but also to how caregivers communicate with each other, for positive and… read more in ux collective · 6 min read 206 published in ux collective ·oct 10, 2019 how to create an empathy map image source: link *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. *check my other articles related to empathy maps: article 1, article 2. an empathy map should be used not just through the ux process (where it is mandatory in establishing common ground among team members), but in all processes in which we want to empathize with our end-users. usually, in the ux process, this tool is used at the very beginning of the process or during a design sprint session. the benefits of the empathy maps are: describe who a user, a group of users or a persona is; … read more in ux collective · 3 min read 85 show more published in ux collective ·sep 27, 2019 the “art” of demotivating a ux designer image source: link *being a non-native english speaker, this article may have language mistakes. *the title of this article was inspired by the book called “the art of demotivation”. it was not easy to write this article, but i am pretty sure many of you will share my thoughts and feelings about this subject. before going further, i will also want to put in here the definition of demotivation: lack of interest in and enthusiasm about your work. (cambridge dictionary) the introduction when i was a kid i dreamed, kind in this order, to be archeologist, geologist, professional traveling guide, translator, doctor, and advertising producer… read more in ux collective · 5 min read 611 4 andreea popescu passionate ux designer • mentor • occasionally ux speaker and trainer • amateur nature photographer • (neuro)science & reading • mcas patient about help legal get the medium app