get started open in app archana chowty 39 followers about follow sign in get started follow 39 followers about get started open in app oct 12, 2020 why your organisation should embrace inclusive language “if you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. if you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.” nelson mandela words matter! language has a huge impact on our sense of belonging whether it is a workplace or otherwise. as marketers words are our strongest weapons and we dabble with them in more ways than one to create positive experiences to our clients, partners and teams that we work with. but do we consciously think of every word we use? do we think about what impact it has on… read more · 5 min read 1 apr 1, 2020 is this the right time to do marketing? if you are a marketeer or a part of a marketing team, this must be the question that you are deliberating, debating and asking everyone in the team. of course, this is a very important question at this point of time amidst the covid-19 pandemic. during this global crisis, should the marketing teams be busy marketing, or do we need to stop marketing as it is not the right time to do marketing? there is no single answer to this question. but i can safely say, it ‘depends on what business you are in’. marketing during covid-19 currently, everyone is looking at buying… read more · 3 min read mar 24, 2020 amid covid-19, what your brand communication should focus on covid-19 has brought in unprecedented change to our lives, businesses and the communities we live in. the way we used to live, work, relax and almost everything that we used to do regularly as ‘normal’ has seen a shift due to this epidemic. this surely is a paradigm shift of this century. new ways of living, new ways of working and new ways of doing everything is almost enforced on us without any hint. sudden change like this is not an easy one to adapt to, but do we have a choice? no. challenging times are ahead of us. amidst… read more · 3 min read 1 mar 23, 2020 why empathy is key to your communication we have been always told be human-centric in our communication. but why is it that most communication fails to be human-centric? why do most mail communications, newsletters,website content reads so unnatural, salesy? what is the one thing that makes you human centric ? it is nothing but empathy. yes, you heard that right, empathy. without empathy, you cannot go very far knowing your customers, reaching your customers or understanding your customers. simply put “empathy is seeing with the eyes of another, listening with the ears of another and feeling with the heart of another.” — alfred adler, psychotherapist, and founder… read more · 3 min read 1 published in nyc design ·feb 28, 2020 why do brands care to be socially conscious? today’s marketing world is fast changing. brands are moving from the profit-driven model to a purpose-driven model. what is the need for brands to be socially conscious? can they choose to be neutral and do just business as usual? is it better for brands to align with larger values? what is that the consumer world is looking at before making a purchase decision. these are some of the common boardroom questions that brands and marketers are asking. it is important to ask these questions more than ever. be a change agent looking at the recent trends, there is hardly any brand that is shying… read more in nyc design · 2 min read 2 jan 7, 2020 what are the top 4 content marketing trends of 2020? the future of content marketing is connected, value based and experiential. how prepared are you? content marketing world is swiftly changing to the technological advances and customer demands that are immediate. micro-moments are defining the success of brand communication. no matter what era we are in and we will be, getting the content right is one of the biggest challenges of all time and brands are struggling to get this core aspect right. there are no ready made formulas, no easy recipes to put you on a success path, but trying and testing with your customers and understating what works… read more · 4 min read oct 4, 2019 4 reasons why brands need to take employee engagement seriously? are you client focused or employees focused? do you treat them both equally? what is your brand’s stand on employee engagement? it is time to ask these questions more than ever! let’s first look at some data points to understand the bigger picture: a study of 64 organizations revealed that organizations with highly engaged employees achieve 2x twice the annual net income of organizations whose employees lag behind on engagement. 70% of forbes global 2000 companies are using gamification to boost employee engagement and retention studies found that highly engaged employees are 87% less likely to leave their companies than… read more · 3 min read published in nyc design ·sep 20, 2019 how to i?mprove credibility of your content? do you often doubt the offers or the freebies that come along with your favorite brands?when making payments, do you doubt whether your money is safe? your accounts details are safe? it is the most common worry that we all face despite being very active in the digital world. we look for reinforcement to feel safe, confidently make payments, buy products or to choose a plan or a service. … read more in nyc design · 4 min read 21 published in prototypr ·may 17, 2019 why assumptions are bad for design do you think you know your users well and why waste time asking what they want out of a product? then think again. designers are user’s representatives while building a product. you (designers) are the one who will think for the users, speak for the users and do for the users while the other teams are busy developing a product. let me give you an example, in office, i have a cupboard with three drawers. it looks simple and plain from the first look of it. it is designed to function in a way that only one cupboard can be… read more in prototypr · 3 min read 18 show more may 14, 2019 top 3 reasons why every brand should invest in a good website? are you contemplating whether to spend money your website?do you hear senior management saying our website is not generating any revenue then why should we invest on a website? these are some common questions we often hear when it comes to a website. if you are a company or a brand, a good website is a must for your digital presence. a website helps you to establish your brand, and improve your brand awareness. it is the first touch point for your various stakeholders. … read more · 3 min read 1 archana chowty a mother, content strategist, technical writer who loves food, fun, friends and family. of course, in no specific order. :) about help legal get the medium app