beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer what is what is liquid lens technology and how does it work news apple vr headset: everything we know so far news apple announces virtual wwdc 2021 from june 7 to 11 latest android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study user privacy has become an important topic of discussion in recent times. we all know that tech bigwigs, such as google and apple, collect... dwaipayan sengupta - apr 4, 2021 this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party spotify introduced the "groups session" feature to let users collaborate with friends to create playlists for parties. however, it is only available for spotify... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally to help boost the country's ever-growing 'make in india' initiative, the government of india will offer $1 billion in cash to chip makers to... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents to help android users scan and organize documents on smartphones with ease, google has developed a new app dubbed stack. it is a document... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle to help xbox defeat skittles in the final round of twitter's inaugural #bestoftweets brand bracket, xbox marketing head aaron greenberg promised that microsoft would... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 indian railways bans charging of mobiles, laptops in trains at night you are about to board the train and suddenly realize that your phone is out of charge. you quickly reach for your power bank only... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 lenovo legion 2 pro with 144hz display, sd888 & 90w charging launches on april... the gaming smartphone market has already seen new additions from asus and nubia. the asus rog phone 5 and red magic 6 series went... anmol sachdeva - apr 3, 2021 how to disable touchscreen on iphone and ipad before handing them to kids imagine you are in a situation where you have no other option but to hand over your iphone or ipad to your kid to... rajesh mishra - apr 3, 2021 microsoft edge tests a floating desktop search widget microsoft edge started testing a weather and news widget earlier this year. it is similar to the one that was added to the windows... anmol sachdeva - apr 3, 2021 how to fix google play services battery drain issue on android just like windows 10, android has its fair share of problems that continue to hamper the experience, no matter which android version you are... arjun sha - apr 3, 2021 microsoft build 2021 scheduled for may 25 to 27 within the past two weeks, some of the most popular technology giants have officially announced the dates for their developer conferences. facebook f8 and... anmol sachdeva - apr 3, 2021 6 best unroll.me alternatives you can use unroll.me is a powerful tool that helps you unsubscribe from unwanted emails and keep your inbox clutter-free. however, the track record of this popular... subin b - apr 3, 2021 load more popular pixel 6 will be powered by a custom google-made mobile chipset anmol sachdeva - apr 3, 2021 xiaomi unveils new logo and brand identity beebom staff - mar 30, 2021 mi 11 lite 5g with snapdragon 780g launched anmol sachdeva - mar 29, 2021 8 tips to speed up apple watch running watchos 7 or... rajesh mishra - apr 2, 2021 how to automatically empty the recycle bin on windows 10 kishalaya kundu - mar 30, 2021 reviews asus aio v241 first impressions: a solid all-in-one for your home office akshay gangwar 1 week ago as the coronavirus pandemic has by now taught is, work from home is not that bad. in fact, other than the relentless zoom calls, it’s quite liberating. however, if you’re the kind of person who li[...] lenovo legion 5 review: a gaming laptop that pulls double duty for work 8.3 akshay gangwar 1 month ago one of the most common misconceptions people have about gaming on a pc or laptop is that you need to spend big bucks to get anything that’s actually worth gaming on. maybe that was true some years b[...] amazfit gtr 2e review: the best smartwatch under rs. 10,000? 9 akshay gangwar 2 months ago i’ve been using smartwatches for years now, and very infrequently have i come across something that genuinely excited me. the amazfit gtr 2e (rs. 9,999) is one of the few watches that i was quite in[...] view all reviews recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited