get started open in app camille gonzalez 4 followers about follow sign in get started follow 4 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·oct 6, 2020 one of the biggest challenges in digital design one of the biggest challenges in digital designing is figuring out what converts your target market into users and buyers and why. many companies spend an inordinate amount of money on targeted ads that bring users to your website, landing page to capture the lead, and sales funnel to nurture that lead, only to find that their conversion is dismal. one of the main reasons prospects in your target market may not convert is that they simply don’t understand your product or the value it would bring. the ease with which people process and understand something is called cognitive fluency. … read more in nyc design · 3 min read 2 sep 24, 2020 designing and marketing for behavior change marketing and designing for behavior change: part 1 fresh starts every company has felt that post-summer slump in sales or, at a minimum, a consistent downward trend purchase activity after a season or holiday. when this happens, you need to convince users (buyers) to act, revive cold leads (prospects), or move more clients up the value ladder to generate new revenue. to inspire action in prospects, users, or existing clients, there are a few psychological principles in your marketing and design strategy that you can employ. strategy #1: get the timing right in a study published in 2014, professor katherine… read more · 3 min read sep 20, 2018 patterns and flows of automated sharing automating productivity. digital marketing is a game of quantity and quality. one requires you to speed up and produce content to spread your brand, and the other requires you to slow down and thoughtfully consider how to approach a solution or piece of content. thankfully, technology can (help) solve this quandary by automating certain workflows so i can save time where it counts. usually, i share about 2–3 pieces of content on social media everyday, whether it be articles, youtube videos, graphics and links to webinars to promote a brand. … read more · 3 min read 6 sep 11, 2018 information architecture expl(ai)ned information architecture is the foundation for an artificial intelligence — augmented customer experience. we’ve all had an idea of something we wanted to buy, maybe a new drone, or maybe you’re researching a new idea/concept for an article you want. so you online type in a few search words but the search engine results are a bit weak. you try again with another search term and still, can’t find what you’re looking for. your enthusiasm dampens as you work your way through webpage after webpage of irrelevant/mildly useful information that isn’t really helping you accomplish your task. sound familiar? did the search engine fail us? no. the root of this problem is disorganized… read more · 5 min read 4 aug 29, 2018 the psychology of assumptions: why toys ‘r’ us failed assumptions that companies make in their strategy are what can make or break their long-term success. the word ‘assumptions’ gets a bad rap — they’re often painted as error-prone because it is humans (not computers or algorithms) analyzing a situation. but assumptions are necessary as a starting business; uber made the assumption that people wanted an alternative to taxis, netflix made the assumption streaming a movie is better than going out and renting it, and so on. it’s what we do with our assumptions that matters — do we listen to the data or market research? or, do we let… read more · 3 min read aug 21, 2018 how fitbit made the pedometer cool (again?) how product design and features make all the difference. fitbit charge3 (left) the word “pedometer’ usually beckons images of a time of sweatbands, scrunchies, fanny packs and, that clunky plastic device with a murky digital screen clipped to a belt. the traditional pedometer became antiquated quickly because of changing technology and, mainly, because it was so cumbersome to use. it only tracked steps when you’re wearing it on your waistband, it required battery changing, it was hard to see the screen unless you removed it from your waist and tilted it at the right angle. read more · 4 min read aug 14, 2018 designing a marketer’s user experience. since i started working in marketing, i’ve seen a lot of different tools used to track analytics, send emails, increase conversions, create advertisements and more. these tools range from simple concepts, like creating landing pages, to complex, like full-service crm software (salesforce). most marketing software, especially landing page builders and email marketing services, have become a saturated market with little feature differentiation. because there are so many similar products, creating a site with the most effortless user experience is crucial to a company’s online success. a good user experience for an average marketer would detail the features, how to implement… read more · 5 min read 17 camille gonzalez ux and cx | atlanta about help legal get the medium app