get started open in app darshan suthar 31 followers about follow sign in get started follow 31 followers about get started open in app apr 6, 2020 trigger is really important i have been thinking about to say about triggers so long before. finally, get a good time and stuff to share here. of course hooked helps me know more about how to make habit forming products. here i am putting my thoughts from all i read about a model demonstrated in a book. first thing first, what is a trigger in the general term? trigger we mean by is kind of a spark for a person something to relate or remember and do. means trigger gives a person an alarm to do something. … read more · 3 min read 1 jan 28, 2019 rethink olx an on line exchange ( olx ) application is india’s used products buying and selling service provider. since a long it has started and good growth achieved by a product. i will bring you to my whole case study of why it’s not performing as expected currently and consistently losing engagement and business and value they have made yet. additionally how application can be improved to compete itself as well. i will follow below design process to achieve desired outcome. read more · 5 min read 58 2 published in datadriveninvestor ·nov 19, 2018 learn from users photo by nesa by makers on unsplash however a designer is creative, you must need to look more into users needs and wants first. that has to be satisfied correctly. more over users have more experimental behavior for everything looks new and exciting so during user research needs to keep in mind first that everything should be predictive. personally i believe in two things for every new elements or modules i am working, reactive predictive read more in datadriveninvestor · 3 min read 1 oct 21, 2018 freeze requirement first “person writing bucket list on book” by glenn carstens-peters on unsplash many employees have been to this problem where outcome not relate to what manager or mentor has expected and what actually they wanted employee to do. a gap between miscommunication and requirement freeze is a huge actually. miscommunication is what you get something wrong to do, and requirement freezing problem is what you have already started without knowing everything about to do. read more · 4 min read 2 published in nyc design ·sep 23, 2018 design is a language “white paper” by harpal singh on unsplash before start anything lets take a story of a kid playing with a smart phone. have you ever listen to somebody saying my kid can easily open something on a phone and make calls and play with youtube for their favorite videos? we never teach them to do that, they learned themselves all. read more in nyc design · 3 min read 1 published in nyc design ·sep 10, 2018 audience building business “teal and blue chair landscape photography” by reed mok on unsplash exciting discussion .. right ? for me yes it is ? . how far i know people wants to be popular in such way that possible for them and this trend is been carried from long back. either they are actors-actresses, business guys, or in any field they are in currently. this makes a lot sense to understand how current social media is turning to a big business models for companies. people would love to be if someone follows them or their trends or their philosophy or anything for what made them famous. … read more in nyc design · 4 min read published in nyc design ·sep 9, 2018 why user experience matters? read more in nyc design · 3 min read published in nyc design ·sep 8, 2018 usability over designs “building stair” by julian zett on unsplash usability, according to design a module for a product we almost forgotten about to let first concentrate over the actual usability of the product. more and more designs can give a better glimpse of user on behalf of the product that they are using. but the centric constraint is how user is going to use a product in many different scenarios. small companies who can not afford both ux and ui designer separately have only one guy who decides how user will drive module and how much that module looks good at all. in this case a guy can not… read more in nyc design · 2 min read aug 31, 2018 whatsapp redesign case study alright, let’s start you know a very old design trend you daily interact with and most used application today call whatapp. things should be changed time by time. it actually impactful if you take it for longer. so i take place to put my thought how whatsapp can be redesigned for better engagement and easy interactions. i have started with a logo first. cause product has only one thing to present behalf of all it’s features and services, that is logo. a logo has to be simplified in the sense of most used, features what an app have, users attachments… read more · 6 min read 11 show more jul 6, 2018 user’s journey, a silly task lets take a look first about what user journey is. how we guide a person for a destination where they wanted to reach, how we go through tasks done since a long back, how we plan weekends? yes that’s how user journey should look like. simple as that, a user journey defines overall stuffs to guide or get idea for user what this all is made for and how i gonna be using it. like wise if we think of to make a user journey for a product call “uber” then the steps would be as follows, 1. user will… read more · 3 min read darshan suthar product designer about help legal get the medium app