get started open in app debobrata debnath 13 followers about follow sign in get started follow 13 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·sep 1, 2020 product design: design my home an indigenous product introduction we always have a dream to buy our own home and we actually spend lots of time decorating and designing them according to the dream we always used to see. from colour to furniture and from interior to appliances choosing everything is becoming a confusing job. designmyhome gives you a solution to design your dream home before you actually invest in it. read more in nyc design · 4 min read 51 may 27, 2020 design charity, for the designer, by the designer where everything is free! yes, you’ve read it right: “design charity”! you must be wondering what it is. we all are familiar with the term “charity”. dictionary says: “the voluntary giving of help, typically in the form of money, to those in need.” yes, when we hear this word, we usually remember acts of helping someone or something (our four-legged or winged or finned friends) who need our help. but does design charity mean designing something for a charitable organisation or something similar? well, to understand the concept, we need to go back to around 12 years from now. read more · 8 min read 55 published in ux collective ·jan 5, 2020 the evolution of designers a journey of a designer from stone art to graphic design to ui design. evolution of designers since millions of years, every species on this earth is undergoing changes with regard to their size, shape and weight, and they are all changing continuously. i, as a designer, have been experiencing a similar change over the decades. i’m not talking about physical changes or mental changes but about the journey of a graphic designer to ui designer, and so on… who is a designer? a designer is the one who thinks, dreams and visualizes to make your product beautiful and useful. … read more in ux collective · 9 min read 178 2 published in nyc design ·may 5, 2019 letsgo-traveller a web ui/ux case study the much-awaited project of a multi-service travel website is finally being showcased here. the letsgo traveller 2 is the second version of project lgt. it’s one such project which is really close to my heart because i could dedicate most of my creative hours in it. after the success of lgt 3 years back, now i have decided to design part 2 of the same with more modern, powerful and unique ui which will help the rising ui designers to think something out of the box. lgt2 is a multi-service travel place for all travel lovers. here the users can… read more in nyc design · 4 min read 2 sep 9, 2018 nano music player — a product design conceptualisation of a music player read more · 2 min read debobrata debnath hi, i am a visual and ui designer with more than 12 years of experience. to know more about me check out my website http://debobratadebnath.in/ about help legal get the medium app