get started open in app diancheng hu 96 followers about follow sign in get started follow 96 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·jan 1 how we designed dekimasu 5 steps from an idea to an app ?dekimasu ????? (dekimasu) means i can do it. use spaced repetition to help you remember the meanings of japanese kanji. use the… apps.apple.com at the end of this crazy year, dekimasu was born. hope the sharing of our little app’s story brings some comfort and courage. dekimasu(i can do it)! step 1: find a solid idea to work on with a great team my first internship was as an editor for an appstore called best apps similar to apple’s app store where i got the chance to test, review, and analyze all kinds of apps. the “best apps” posts i wrote had millions of views and the apps we recommended are either useful, fun, or a piece of art. most of them are unknown independent apps that are simple but beautiful. from that time on, i… read more in nyc design · 8 min read 70 aug 27, 2020 my q&as during the women in computer science summit i was thrilled to be a panelist with mongodb’s women in engineering discussion today to meet so many passionate young ladies who are the industry’s future energy. i want to share my answers to the questions we discussed today and followed with some bonus ones in this post. panel questions tell us about your background and your role with mongodb i chose my bachelor’s major in electronics engineering just because it sounds super cool. and my dad, who is a scientist, highly suggests that major. but gradually, i found that i’m not really into it. … read more · 6 min read 102 published in ux collective ·oct 27, 2019 the user journey of landing on a product design job process, resources, and suggestions for junior-mid level product designer job hunting this story is not about how to become a better designer. it is a comprehensive guide includes recommendations, tools, and articles. the process can be tedious and tough. but i do believe in the journey of landing on a new job we do become better selves. though the eyes of others, we see ourselves. we know our value and the market needs better and gain a deeper understanding of what matters in life. stage 1: preparation & search before applying for any opportunity, we need to get well-prepared at least three things: documents, timeline, and self-awareness. 1. documents: portfolio (probably a website), resume, and generic… read more in ux collective · 18 min read 137 published in ux collective ·aug 18, 2019 create a happy ending with ? & ? developers as a designer hands-on experiences on how to build and strengthen our bond with developers as designers to create better products together. i’ve been working with more than 40+ developers directly, have had delightful and painful experiences. after years of frontline battle, i sincerely feel that developers are designers’ most important comrades, instead of the enemy. and my most precious knowledge, insights, and growth are from the help of developers. we don’t talk much about product realization in school. all the blue-sky projects we designed in school are great practices, but the real world is different. it’s meaningless if a product design will never be shipped. it takes me a while to understand that designers and developers work with different methodologies, focus… read more in ux collective · 9 min read 332 dec 25, 2018 chinese style santa. credit: ???? https://www.weibo.com/u/5507569981?is_hot=1 the chinese santa in 2018 jinjiang santa went viral in the chinese community i know christmas when i was a kid, a typical chinese second-tier city born kid. i remembered there are red hats and green chrismas trees everywhere, and there will be a small gift my parents brought but said it was santa giving me put in my hanging sock at the balcony. i can’t connect religion or consumerism with christmas. for me, it’s just a happy family day. just for your context, china has been trying to ban the celebration for christmas for several years, and this year might be the most serious. read more · 4 min read 4 1 published in nyc design ·oct 9, 2018 when to open a link in new tab by default? short answer — on the image above. the area stands for how often we encounter that scenario. since about 90% of all links should be handled by the site’s navigation which supposes to open in the current tab, the ratio is not absolute. my research on this topic begins with designing a report screen for teachers. basically, our users will be looking at a report with multiple tables for all students in their class. the main task is to understand how the class’s doing as a whole. and in some cases, teachers also need to print an individual student’s report… read more in nyc design · 9 min read 80 1 jul 18, 2018 6 browser extensions designers love i’d like to share 6 wonderful extensions i can’t live without as a designer. not 99, only 6 that i’m using every day. they make our work more efficient and help us learn more. as utility tools, they are also great examples of product designing. plus, they are free! wappalyzer — what technologies the site are using? working in the it industry, even we don’t code, we can be familiar with the trendy technologies. this extension uncovers all kinds of technologies used on websites from content management systems, platforms, web frameworks, server software to analytics tools. examples: other stories read more · 4 min read 2 published in nyc design ·may 31, 2018 do you really know how to use the ellipsis? the moment i start writing this story, the old friend is right in front of me: rather than 3 dots or 3 periods, you can type it out this way: mac: option + ; pc: ctrl + alt + . iphone/ipad: hold your finger on the period to bring up the ellipsis option accurately, i mean horizontal ellipsis… yes, there are 8 ellipsis in total in unicode: read more in nyc design · 10 min read 150 apr 5, 2017 if you want to make a chatbot app there are thousands of chatbots created in the past year, most are being left after the first time trial. nature language is much harder to understand than we thought. till now, there is no chatbot that changes our life. we found out that we won’t really “chat” with a bot often, instead, we “make an order”. so the only useful chatbots are not really for chatting but only for services. after tested a bunch of conversational ui chatbots, i picked 6 comparably better ux chatbots apps below. … read more · 4 min read 7 diancheng hu product designer about help legal get the medium app