get started open in app eduardo ramos 86 followers about follow sign in get started follow 86 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·jul 7, 2020 user experience: common usability myths on ux i’d like to share two myths that i’ve discussed with colleagues and developers. these myths always come up when discussing usability as part of the user experience. most of these usability myths are born due to design trends becoming rules, spreading the misinterpretation of research, or the dehumanization of users. i liked this article: usability a part of the user experience because of the simplicity used to explain the term usability and it’s applications: “usability” refers to the ease of access and/or use of a product or website. it’s a sub-discipline of user experience design. although user experience design (ux… read more in nyc design · 2 min read 14 published in nyc design ·jun 23, 2020 what is the design thinking process in ux design? design thinking is an extremely useful process when you want to tackle complex problems that are poorly defined or unknown. this design methodology provides a solution-based approach to solving problems, by understanding the human needs involved. understanding the five stages of design thinking will empower anyone to apply these methods to solve complex problems — regardless of the scale, industry, or context of the issue. i choose to focus on the five-stage design thinking model proposed by the hasso-plattner institute of design at stanford (d.school) because they are the leaders when it comes to teaching design thinking. … read more in nyc design · 6 min read 51 published in nyc design ·feb 21, 2020 become a ux designer in 2020 with the start of a new year, you probably made a list of resolutions for each of the coming months, or overall. while resolutions are a great way to define and keep track of your priorities for the coming year, it’s a fact that you need a clear and systematic plan of action. the ux industry remains it’s ascending path (in both recognition and importance), and it doesn’t show any signs of slowing down in the near future. if you’re reading this, that means you’re contemplating a career in ux. … read more in nyc design · 6 min read 19 published in nyc design ·dec 30, 2019 what is the importance of global accessibility awareness day? the un estimates that more than 1 billion people around the world live with some form of disability and as populations age over the coming years, that number is expected to rise rapidly. add to that the 10 percent of people who suffer from color blindness, and you start to get an idea of why accessibility is so important — not just for moral and legal reasons, but also so that your products can reach their full potential. you need to design for accessibility! i think that’s an excellent reason to have a global accessibility awareness day (gaad). the gaad… read more in nyc design · 2 min read published in nyc design ·dec 26, 2019 online ux design bootcamp in 2020 i’m part of the team at the interaction design foundation, a non-profit committed to providing ivy league-level design education at the lowest price possible. we developed a bootcamp consistent with our mission. that’s the reason our: get a ux design job bootcamp is priced at just $1146 ($990 for our existing members). this price is a small fraction of the average cost of bootcamps in the industry (approximately $8000). in this bootcamp, you’ll get a personal mentor of your choice, and with their help, you’ll pick from over 30 project briefs for your portfolio. … read more in nyc design · 2 min read 3 5 sep 24, 2019 how to learn the basics of user experience design to learn the basics of ux, the first steps people will recommend you will probably be the same: read books, read online, network, measure your progress and practice. as generic as it might sound, it’s still good advice. i can also back this as a right learning path. although i’ll only address three books, i find unique, and which i believe anyone should read no matter what their profession is: read books: photo by nathan dumlao on unsplash the design of everyday things — don norman don’t make me think — steve krug 100 things every designer needs to know about people — susan weinschenk these… read more · 4 min read published in nyc design ·sep 23, 2019 how does being a member of interaction design foundation help? being a member of the interaction design foundation (idf) helps depending on what kind of help you’re looking for. being a member of the interaction design foundation can help you a lot in many ways. for example, if you’re new to ux or if you’re looking to get in-depth knowledge of the many fields related to design. to narrow it down, the idf will help you to: understand and learn to structure your design process and the theories behind it enable you to explain your design choices and strategies, as well as your projects. when i started with the idf… read more in nyc design · 3 min read 3 published in nyc design ·sep 17, 2019 what are the best ux courses? if you’re thinking of moving into ux design or developing your ux skills, then i believe you should check out the interaction design foundation (idf). by the way, this ux planet article on the top 10 online platforms to learn ui/ux design has great reviews that will help you choose between the various online course platforms around to teach you in-demand ux skills. regardless, the best ux course will enable you to build a theoretical foundation. although ux design has much of practical skill, your level of expertise depends on how deeply you understand its roots. if a course helps… read more in nyc design · 3 min read published in nyc design ·apr 5, 2019 what do people who know ux think of the interaction design foundation (idf) i believe it’s safe to say that most of the people who *know ux* agrees this is an organization focused and committed to produce top-grade open-source educational materials by the world’s design elite. to back that statement, these are the people behind the executive board of interaction design foundation: the executive board oversees and guides the overall direction of the foundation. the composition of the board reflects the mission of serving both industry and academia. if you know a bit about design, chances are you already know who’s don norman. if you click in the “view profile link” you’ll read more about them, who they are and what they do. or, if in doubt, just google. what’s actually important about these people being in the executive… read more in nyc design · 4 min read 217 4 show more published in nyc design ·apr 3, 2019 the best way to learn and become a ux designer without previous technical experience i think anyone can become a ux designer without much or any previous technical experience at all. what you really need is commitment and to follow a structured process. this will make the learning journey easier and smooth. in my case, i was working in a project where i had to do some sort of user testing every day (i was the user.) i had no idea of what i was doing but hey, it was fun. fast forward a couple months and the team managed to launch a good product, and in a huge part, thanks to me and… read more in nyc design · 5 min read 50 eduardo ramos user experience facilitator, usability tester, software tester, ux enthusiast about help legal get the medium app