beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer how to how to use google assistant on windows, macos, and linux how to how to access google play store on fire tv stick latest how to how to disable touchscreen on iphone and ipad before handing them to kids imagine you are in a situation where you have no other option but to hand over your iphone or ipad to your kid to... rajesh mishra - apr 3, 2021 how to fix google play services battery drain issue on android just like windows 10, android has its fair share of problems that continue to hamper the experience, no matter which android version you are... arjun sha - apr 3, 2021 how to check for leaked passwords in google chrome on windows and android most modern browsers, including google chrome, offer built-in password managers to save and auto-fill login credentials on websites. while third-party password managers often bring... kishalaya kundu - apr 3, 2021 how to set any song as iphone ringtone without itunes or pc (guide) the other day i ran into a guide about setting any song as a ringtone in android, and i couldn't help but laugh at... rajesh mishra - apr 2, 2021 8 tips to speed up apple watch running watchos 7 or later it's been a while since i upgraded my apple watch to watchos 7. barring some common problems, i have had a smooth run (more... rajesh mishra - apr 2, 2021 how to fix network connection issues on windows 10 among the common windows 10 problems, network connection issues are the most widespread. often, users are unable to connect to the internet on their... arjun sha - apr 2, 2021 how to remix reels on instagram (guide) instagram has announced remix, a tiktok duet-like feature that lets users create a new reels video alongside an existing one. while remix will usually... subin b - apr 2, 2021 how to use stage channels on discord last month, we saw reports suggesting that discord is building a new clubhouse-like feature named 'stage channels' to let users create and join live... subin b - apr 1, 2021 how to use new siri voices in ios 14.5 on iphone and ipad with the release of ios 14 last year, apple brought some significant improvements for siri. whether it's the all-new compact ui or the more... rajesh mishra - apr 1, 2021 how to run adb commands on android without a computer while adb is generally built for developers to test apps, it's also quite helpful to the average consumer. for example, it allows you to... arjun sha - apr 1, 2021 how to turn off contacts syncing and delete contacts list on instagram you may not be using facebook very often these days, but instagram and whatsapp are pretty much staples for many when it comes to... akshay gangwar - mar 31, 2021 how to make alexa swear on amazon echo, android & ios amazon alexa is a family-friendly voice assistant, which means it neither uses nor does it condone the use of strong language and profanities, for... kishalaya kundu - mar 31, 2021 how to disable ‘change file extension’ warning on mac many a time, when you’re trying to mess around with files on your mac, you might want to change the file type or the... akshay gangwar - mar 31, 2021 how to automatically empty the recycle bin on windows 10 older versions of windows already offered you the option to limit the space used by the recycle bin. however, with windows 10, you can... kishalaya kundu - mar 30, 2021 how to enable caps lock key on a chromebook users who move from windows to chrome os find it extremely jarring when they discover that chromebooks don't have a dedicated caps lock key.... arjun sha - mar 30, 2021 how to directly transfer icloud photos to google photos whether you are planning to switch from ios to android or make google photos the go-to platform to save your photos and videos in... rajesh mishra - mar 26, 2021 how to manage and deactivate linked devices in signal (android and ios) if you use signal, you probably already know that the app is also available on windows, mac, and linux, alongside android and ios. if... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 how to change google assistant voice and language on android, ios google assistant started out with just one voice (female), one language (english), and one accent (american) but has since expanded to offer multiple voices... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 how to auto-delete text messages (sms) on android and iphone old text messages piling up in your smartphone can be a major pain. it makes things chaotic, as well as eats up precious storage... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 how to disable shopping feature in microsoft edge on windows 10 and android in its chromium avatar, microsoft edge is regarded as one of the best web browsers across desktops and mobile devices. however, with an update... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 123...85page 1 of 85 popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle partner content mygate: the must have app for gated communities! recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited