beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer android snapdragon 888 vs a14 bionic: the silicon battle iphone the iphone 12 mini makes me want to upgrade latest iphone how to disable touchscreen on iphone and ipad before handing them to kids imagine you are in a situation where you have no other option but to hand over your iphone or ipad to your kid to... rajesh mishra - apr 3, 2021 how to set any song as iphone ringtone without itunes or pc (guide) the other day i ran into a guide about setting any song as a ringtone in android, and i couldn't help but laugh at... rajesh mishra - apr 2, 2021 how to use new siri voices in ios 14.5 on iphone and ipad with the release of ios 14 last year, apple brought some significant improvements for siri. whether it's the all-new compact ui or the more... rajesh mishra - apr 1, 2021 how to change google assistant voice and language on android, ios google assistant started out with just one voice (female), one language (english), and one accent (american) but has since expanded to offer multiple voices... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 how to limit adult content in ios 14 on iphone and ipad apple's screen time comes with many parental control features to help keep track of your device usage and also block access to things like... rajesh mishra - mar 25, 2021 what is switch control and how to use it on iphone and ipad for differently-abled people, the "accessibility" suite in ios devices has been no less than a boon. the ability to use the iphone through voice-over,... rajesh mishra - mar 22, 2021 10 common ios 14 problems and their solutions while there is no denying the fact that ios 14 has garnered praise due to a host of all-new features and a ton of... rajesh mishra - mar 22, 2021 4 tips to fix “update apple id settings” issue on iphone and ipad of all the problems i have ever encountered on an iphone, the "update apple id settings" error has been most annoying to me, along... rajesh mishra - mar 20, 2021 6 pro tips to fix imessage waiting for activation issue in ios 14 maybe you have recently switched from android to ios or upgraded from an old iphone to a new one and are setting up everything, including... rajesh mishra - mar 19, 2021 5 tips to fix “accessory may not be supported” error on iphone and ipad the "accessory may not be supported" error on iphone has existed for a long time. most of us have encountered it at some point... rajesh mishra - mar 17, 2021 how to connect google maps to apple music on iphone music and navigation go hand in hand. most of us love to listen to music during a drive to light up the journey and... rajesh mishra - mar 15, 2021 list of all apple devices to launch in 2021: complete timeline going by a series of leaks and a host of reports offering substantial sneak peeks, apple is gearing up to launch over a dozen... rajesh mishra - mar 12, 2021 how to link shazam to spotify instead of apple music shazam and apple music are deeply integrated to offer a more personalized music listening experience. whenever you identify a song, the music discovery app... rajesh mishra - mar 9, 2021 8 best imessage sticker packs for iphone and ipad (free and paid) if imessage were a luxury across platforms, i would be forever locked inside the blue bubbles. while whatsapp remains my top pick (despite all... rajesh mishra - mar 8, 2021 how to lock facebook profile on iphone, android, and web facebook has got more privacy features under the hood than what meets the eyes. whether it's removing the third-party app access, deleting the off-activity,... rajesh mishra - mar 6, 2021 how to scan documents directly to icloud drive on iphone what finder is to macos, files is for ios. the ios stock file manager has slowly but steadily added a range of user-friendly features... rajesh mishra - mar 5, 2021 how to encrypt local backups of iphone or ipad on windows when you back up your iphone or ipad to icloud, apple automatically encrypts the backup to safeguard your data against unauthorized access. however, when... rajesh mishra - mar 4, 2021 10 best tips to use youtube shorts on iphone and android soon after the indian government banned tiktok due to the ever-growing security and privacy concerns, several challengers came out swinging to fill the void. as... rajesh mishra - mar 3, 2021 how to backup iphone with windows pc one of the few things i constantly bug people to do is backup their devices. it’s important because you never know when a device... akshay gangwar - mar 2, 2021 how to stop websites from asking for location access in safari on iphone and... among a handful of security and privacy features that safari boasts; the ability to control location access has remained my top pick for a... rajesh mishra - mar 2, 2021 123...33page 1 of 33 popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle partner content mygate: the must have app for gated communities! recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited