get started open in app jessica bennett — tech enthusiast and marketer 48 followers about follow sign in get started follow 48 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·sep 10, 2020 wireframe 101 & the stream of thoughts behind it! source: https://uxplanet.org/wireframing-101-5b7c25f4c623 long before tom hiddleston amazed us with his portrayal of loki, stan lee, larry lieber, and jack kirby in their marvel edition, came up with his modern prototype. directors for the thor series took a cue from these sketches and went on to create what we now know as the evolving character of loki. by now, you must be wondering, why this discussion on the character of loki for an article on wireframe! as an introduction — let’s say that these sketches are much like wireframes. … read more in nyc design · 8 min read 12 published in ux collective ·aug 18, 2020 the yin and yang in the design world: strong hero images with subtle text tom hanks once said, “i have gone through so many examinations of what a hero is, between world war ii stuff and the astronaut stuff.” often by the mention of the word ‘hero’, a memory is triggered — someone we idolize, someone we look up to, whose personality is our alter ego, or what we want to strive for. that might be hercules or dr. martin luther king. the concept is ‘perspective-specific’. however, when we mention the word ‘hero’ and cross-refer it with website design trends, we stumble upon a unique phrase — hero images with subtle texts. … read more in ux collective · 6 min read 107 published in becoming human: artificial intelligence magazine ·jul 14, 2020 source the future of design: adi automation, or ai/human collaboration? [answered] complete automation might not be the exact future of design as we all expect it to be. so if not adi, then what else can change the future of web design? read more in becoming human: artificial intelligence magazine · 7 min read 151 jun 17, 2020 web design and web development: part of the same world or not? source: freepik.com a lot of tech-savvy folks will give a detailed answer to this, pointing out all the ways web development and design are fundamentally different from one another. and a lot of people would shrug and ask if it really makes a difference. it kind of does. in recent times many of us have used these two words interchangeably, not bothering to understand why design and development might be disparate. and this lack of understanding leads to serious confusion, especially during the website building process. so let’s start by trying to understand the development and design concepts, and determine if they… read more · 6 min read published in towards data science ·mar 19, 2020 the matter of ai takeover: will artificial intelligence replace human beings? will ai take over the human race, both admirers and critics alike? photo by jason yuen on unsplash the so-called robot/ai uprising has been a popular plot point for much dystopian fiction. whether on the big screen or on the small screen, we have all witnessed the plot unfold as the ai-driven robotic overlords slowly, surely and ruthlessly take over the human race. however, in the movies, the human race always wins. we are not yet sure about the outcome of the ai takeover if it happens in real life! the topic of the ai revolution is pretty debatable. while some have nothing but amazing things to say on the ai revolution, there are many ai experts who… read more in towards data science · 8 min read 57 published in ux planet ·feb 20, 2020 enterprise ux design: the challenges you should know about the concept of perfection is similar to a myth when it comes to enterprise ux design. there’s always some improvements to be done, something that can be changed and turned into a better version. added to this are the various challenges the designer might face while trying to design the perfect ux design. designing software for enterprise users is not as straightforward as it seems. designing software for ordinary users is far easier, as there are fewer restrictions and challenges are vastly different. … read more in ux planet · 7 min read 6 1 feb 14, 2020 big data in ecommerce — what are the impacts in 2020? source: smartdatacollective.com big data has become a buzzword today! and the ecommerce industry is entwined with this big data. you already know how online shopping is trending today. now, with this constant ecommerce growth, an avalanche of data is being generated. big data refers to it. online businesses can make use of this extremely large data set, analyze it, and reveal the trends and patterns of their target audience. accordingly, they can chalk out the most effective marketing strategies to enjoy more leads and higher profits. wondering how big impacts big data can have on your ecommerce business? this article is going… read more · 6 min read 9 feb 4, 2020 web design showdown: responsive vs adaptive credit: unified infotech mobile phones have become everything for us. the statement may seem like an exaggeration, but it is not. in our day to day life smartphones have become an absolute necessity. from ordering food to keeping track of our health, smartphones are being used for almost everything today. and that happens to be an amazing advantage for businesses worldwide. with the widespread popularity of smartphones, businesses now have a new portal of reaching the people. according to stats, in the first quarter of 2017, around 50% of web traffic came from mobile devices. read more · 7 min read 50 nov 14, 2019 web app development with angularjs: a byod outlook when it comes to web application development, there is no doubt that angularjs is the best framework for that. supported by google itself, angularjs has all the features and qualities necessary for developing scalable web applications. however, this has never been enough reason for big-medium-small businesses to embrace web application development for their in-house working. but recently their point of view is changing — thanks to byod. almost all of us are aware of this growing trend of byod or bring your own device in the workplace. mobile communication has been a part of our life for a while now… read more · 5 min read show more published in the capital ·oct 30, 2019 how much does it cost to create a bitcoin wallet app: an outlook by jessica bennett — tech enthusiast and marketer on altcoin magazine right after blockchain, bitcoin is one of the most talked-about subjects in the financial world right now. challenging all the norms of a currency system, this decentralized cryptocurrency has emerged as a superstar, creating headlines continuously. read more in the capital · 5 min read 161 jessica bennett — tech enthusiast and marketer web design & development know-how along with branding and conversion. about help legal get the medium app