get started open in app junaid 1.8k followers about follow sign in get started follow 1.8k followers about get started open in app jan 12 design lobby — best tool to manage design assets photo by tirza van dijk on unsplash design lobby is a platform which helps designers manage design assets and version control. built for high-performance design teams that want to manage design assets and collaboration efforts between teams across multiple workspaces. all your design resources in one place design lobby is designed to store all your design files in one place, that includes images, icons, fonts, colors palettes/gradients, all assets you need when working on design projects. you name it! read more · 2 min read 5 dec 14, 2020 my first portfolio cli project credit: n3cr0sz on newgrounds after being enrolled in flatiron’s software engineering bootcamp for a month, finally it’s time to build my very first portfolio project. the last time i worked on any cli app was few years back in when one of our teacher gave us task of building any cli app using assembly language, that i built a simple currency calculator. it was a totally a procedural program, no object oriented concepts were used. so it was pretty simple to build. but for this project we had to use object orientation design and concepts, it took me a while to come up with… read more · 3 min read 203 1 nov 29, 2020 palindrome in programming — ruby ©paramount pictures palindrome is a word, number, phrase, or other sequence of characters which reads the same backward as forward, such as madam, racecar. i watched an amazing movie “arrival”. in the movie twelve extraterrestrial spacecraft silently hover over disparate locations around the earth. one of the character louise banks’s daughter hannah. asks her mother that why she was named ‘hannah’. louise replies that her name is very special as it is a palindrome; it reads the same forward and backward. read more · 2 min read 7 nov 24, 2020 scraping html with nokogiri and ruby photo by sai kiran anagani on unsplash in this tutorial i’ll be using ruby language and its popular library nokogiri. so, if you do not have ruby language and nokogiri installed in your system then you can use repl.it. repl.it allows users to write code and build apps and websites using a browser. let’s get started!! what is nokogiri? nokogiri is an open source software library to parse html and xml in ruby. it is one of the most downloaded ruby gems, having been downloaded over 300 million times from the rubygems.org repository. i think that’s enough, right? now let’s get our hands dirty with the code! opening a web page as html with nokogiri and open-uri before we… read more · 4 min read 58 oct 25, 2020 why i chose to study software engineering photo by austin distel on unsplash i always had interests in computers, video games, smartphones and other gadgets. and the journey of my coding started when i watched a video ‘what most schools don’t teach’. i listened to most successful people like bill gates, ceo of microsoft. jack dorsey ceo of twitter, and others and they all had different and quite amazing things to say about coding. what caught my attention is the quote from steve jobs “everybody in this country should learn how to program a computer… because it teaches you how to think.” — steve jobs during that time i was in highschool doing… read more · 2 min read 67 aug 26, 2020 8 really small tips for better facebook content the best practices for content on facebook pages are pretty straightforward photo by austin distel on unsplash 01. keep it short people like to scan facebook, try to keep your post under 120 characters. 02. use big, beautiful images posts with eye catching photos and videos standout making it more likely that people will like, comment and share them and know that facebook prioritizes visual content. 03. share exclusive content offer special deals or events to your facebook page visitors to keep them interested and drive sales. 04. respond to customers people like when you listen to them when you reply to posts and comment quickly. 05. tie your content to special events or holidays make posts on the events that are important to your audience and schedule posts around those dates. 06. post for the right audience posts are more effective when the people who care see them… read more · 2 min read 96 jul 31, 2020 be proactive. not reactive. one of the habit highly effective people have is being proactive. photo by joshua earle on unsplash “we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” — aristotle a lot of people define themselves with the opinion and perception of people around us. i know a lot of us have been told “you’re never on time.” “why can’t you ever keep your things in order?” “you must be an artist!” “you eat like a horse!” “i can’t believe you won!” “this is so simple. why can’t you understand?” these opinions of people about you are more often projections then reflections. and that’s why you are you afraid to make a mistake… read more · 2 min read 256 published in nyc design ·jun 18, 2020 what is false-consensus effect? when designing user experience keep in mind that: you are not your user. photo by nesa by makers on unsplash as designers, we have tendency to assume that our users are similar to us. in fact, this is not just a problem that designers have — it is an example of a more general phenomenon, called the false consensus effect. we always make mistake believing in that our users are like us when solving a design problem. for example when we react a certain way to a design, we may assume others will react the same way. in other words, we may assume there is an agreement or consensus when there is none (thus the name false consensus). if we… read more in nyc design · 1 min read 90 apr 20, 2020 python is as powerful as black hole scientist obtained the first image of a black hole on 10th of april 2019, using event horizon telescope observations of the center of the galaxy m87. in the movie interstellar, that’s one of my favorite movie which i have watched for almost five times. every time i watch it, i get more curious about the science and the space. in interstellar you get to see an up-close look at a supermassive black hole. black hole’s massive gravitational pull bend lights into a ring. the problem with this picture is it’s not real. it’s just a simulation of unprecedented accuracy, developed with the help of greatest physicist kip thorne. read more · 2 min read 119 show more mar 13, 2020 lessons i learned from movie green book viggo mortensen, left, and mahershala ali in a scene from green book. photograph: universal pictures/ap the movie green book is based on true historical events and is about two men. tony lip who hates black people, don shirley who is greatest pianist of his time. one of his quote on violence made me think of great people like mahatma gandhi and martin luther king jr. “you never win with violence.” ~don shirley mahatma gandhi was the man who believed in non-violent protests to solve problems. he believed that violence isn’t the only way to gain rule or power, patience is the key element to success. gandhi’s peaceful strategies made india an independent country. martin luther… read more · 2 min read 140 1 junaid frontend developer, designer: ui design/developing | sci-fi | data | programming about help legal get the medium app