get started open in app katherine tachibana about follow sign in get started follow about get started open in app published in nyc design ·sep 19, 2019 design an audio playlist introduce playlisting into the economist uk & world news app the brief create an audio playlist that is more subtle than the current implementation but more intuitive in its use. requirements: complete wireframes for both playlist creation and tracklist browsing. you must show the following content at a minimum. think of anything else that a user may require. 1. tracklist comprising of sections and individual tracks within these 2. create / edit / remove playlist the component will need to be responsive between 320px and 375px wide (mobile). this feature will exist inside the economist uk & world news app. the user needs to be able to easily navigate the tracklist of… read more in nyc design · 7 min read published in nyc design ·sep 21, 2018 diary of campaign machiasobi tokyo playing hard in tokyo summary of project task build an engaging and impactful brand campaign that promotes tourism on the country or area and target audience i selected. create a strong visual brand identity and a responsive website creating engaging, impactful and well-designed experience for the users and optimised to meet business goals. establish a consistent visual identity that carries through different marketing and promotional materials. create a logo for the campaign that captures the direction, mood tone and audience. target audience age: 18+, no age limit as long as they stay young at heart gender: no limit as long as they are curious and adventurous travellers who love to… read more in nyc design · 14 min read 2 sep 4, 2018 carrie cunningham responsive website summary of project task create a beautiful and elegant responsive website to showcase the peculiar style of the client and let the users find inspiration / buy the antiques. target audience age: 30s — 50s homeowners who think to refurbish their properties people who are interested in buying antiques/artworks primary keywords elegant, classic, art deco, artistic, sophisticated secondary keywords beautiful, inspiring, multicultural, antique, traveller key functionalities: create a brand identity and tone of voice create an interior design website which is artistically elegant and stylish and easy to navigate the website will show carrie’s style and taste create an e-commerce website to highlight carrie’s antiques and collaboration with artists team ui: katherine… read more · 5 min read 20 aug 12, 2018 check if a string ends with the given target string explanation: string.prototype.substring() method: returns a subset of a string between one index and another, or through the end of the string. since if indexend is omitted, substring() extracts characters to the end of the string. therefore, in this syntax, it returns between (str.length: 16 — target.length: 9) str[6] and end of str. //str = “westernaustralia” now, str.substring(str[6]) is equal to target string which is “australia”, so it returns true. published in nyc design ·aug 12, 2018 socialibe: ui design case study a mobile app changing the perspectives of the local library experience the brief design an app that will improve the local library experience and encourage increased engagement within the library community, and also will give voice to the book industry (libraries, publishers, and booksellers) to promote themselves and announce/advertise their services. requirements: scan books & posters to unlock ar content librarian & readers’ reviews incorporate an events calendar browsing books/events of a library of your choice the personal reading list rewards — when users participate in events/borrow books team: ui: katherine tachibana ux: monique cole ux: ameet gonsai ux: rita patricio tools: hand-drawings, photoshop, illustrator, sketch, invision, google slides skills: design inception, branding, art… read more in nyc design · 6 min read 37 aug 4, 2018 return the string with the first letter of each word capitalised (the rest of the word is in lower case) explanation: assume str = “here i go! i made it”; the split() method: is used to split a string object into an array of strings by separating the string into substrings. // console.log(str.split(“ “)); -> output: [“here”, “i”, “go!”, “i”, “made”, “it”] first substrings -> “here” code to convert first character of the above string to upper case -> // word[i].charat(0).touppercase() // console.log(word[i].charat(0).touppercase()); [here i=0] -> output: “h” rest part of the string “here” -> word[i].slice(1) // console.log(word[0].slice(1)); -> output: “ere” code to convert the rest of the word to lower case -> // word[i].slice(1).tolowercase() // console.log(word[i].slice(1).tolowercase()); -> output: “ere” final… read more · 2 min read 1 jul 22, 2018 breakie ui library on wireframes summary of project task create an engaging, impactful and well-designed ui library and apply it to the wireframes, research and information of the specific application and target audience. target audience age: 19 – 30 mainly the millennials, any gender students/young professionals tourists foodies primary keywords breakfast, foodies, weekend, brunch, sunny side up, mimosas, restaurants, vancouver, passport secondary keywords friendly, outgoing, social, loves good food, is possibly hungover, booze breakfast key functionalities: browse through a curated selection of breakfast restaurants in vancouver learn about the restaurants’ story, type of food, chef’s vision, etc. find the address and get directions present the passport to the restaurant staff to receive an “e-stamp” and be incentivised… read more · 6 min read 15 jul 14, 2018 playfair display a typographic specimen summary of project task create a well-structured and designed typographic specimen of a typeface called playfair display as a web desktop landing page. brief introduction about playfair display a transitional, serif typeface. designed by typeface designer claus eggers sørensen in 2011. free of charge for commercial use. the complete source-files are available here. what is a typographic specimen? the main function for a typographic specimen is to present the typeface to potential clients. a real tool for designers, to check the style and functionalities of typefaces they may potentially need as part of any projects. target audience designers (graphic, ui, web, package) university students in related field/interest …and font geeks (like myself) team ui: katherine tachibana … read more · 5 min read katherine tachibana a passionate ui designer based in london about help legal get the medium app