get started open in app ken jackson 25 followers about follow sign in get started follow 25 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·oct 26, 2018 an athletes infinite scroll the problem when searching for past ride history in strava the infinite scroll becomes overwhelming. infinite scroll creates decreased user engagement, fewer user interactions, or worse less paid subscriptions. i chose this problem because its a pain i faced several times over summer. one of my favorite hobbies is to mountain bike whenever i have free time. it’s a release for me to be outside and pedal uphill solo or with friends. strava built the social networking site for athletes. it tracks your time, speed, elevation gain, and hr along your favorite trails. the social part comes in when you… read more in nyc design · 4 min read oct 10, 2018 blyncsy pulse - weather ui project role: product manager & ux designer team composition: leadership: vp of technology, vp of product design: 1 ux designer (me) eng: 1 software engineer 01 introduction blyncsy is the leader in movement data intelligence. blyncsy collects, aggregates and analyzes data on traffic, roads, weather and other datasets, which leads to better, safer, more efficient transportation decisions. 02 business objective the weather component of the overview page demos well in a sales setting. we want to continue providing value to the sales demo process. with that in mind, we coupled weather analysis with route analyzer. route analyzer is a tool where an engineer can select specific sensors (which create… read more · 5 min read published in nyc design ·oct 8, 2018 on automated report creation to improve safety & efficiency daily, weekly, monthly ui project role: product manager & ux designer team composition: leadership: vp of technology, vp of product design: 1 ux designer (me) eng: 1 software engineer 01 introduction first, a little bit about blyncsy (pronounced — blink-see). blyncsy built a unique traffic sensor that picks up your electronic signals as you pass through monitored roads throughout the day — without acquiring any of your personal or private data. read more in nyc design · 5 min read 21 apr 20, 2017 apple maps redesign 2 nov 21, 2016 designing a mobile usability lab this week we are to design a usability lab for mobile testing. the readings provided helped me understand the usefulness of a mobile usability lab. the benefits of the lab are to establish an area where both the participant and observers have a quiet place to perform a test and gather data. in the lab we will be performing various usability tests for mobile devices. the lab can be setup for desktop and other usability tests but for now it solves our current problem. … read more · 1 min read oct 28, 2016 ethnio vs. mechanical turk in my review of ethnio and mechanical turk i found that ethnio would align with stakeholder goals seamlessly. the benefit is that a user that views a site where ethnio has placed their javascript code has immediately chosen an ideal target audience. because the user has visited the site they have already qualified through the screener. the speculation spawns from the user visiting the site. its clear that there is some interest of sites offerings. in ethnio a user simply needs to opt into a survey or user test to be admitted in. this one touch offering provides invaluable assistance… read more · 2 min read 1 oct 12, 2016 usability testing on pj’s website this report is a summary of the findings and recommendations formed from four usability studies performed on the papa john’s pizza ordering process. observes facilitated four participants performed scripted tasks on the website while user used the “think aloud” protocol to collect rich data. participants were observed while they completed three scripted tasks. the studies ran an average of 15 minutes each. findings: choosing a half & half pizza option in our research we saw an overwhelming issue with participants creating a pizza with half and half toppings customizing pizzas and removing toppings on initial visit of the website users… read more · 1 min read oct 2, 2016 usability test reflection blog what happened during your session that surprised you? what i was surprised about the session was the unclear feature of creating a half and half pizza. the participant wasn’t able to figure that out. she had gone through each pizza creation step and couldn’t figure out. i was stumped too. i later went back to the site to give it more time and was able to make sense of the workflow. it wasn’t as clear as i’d like. another issue was my ability to not offer any help. in the past i’ve interjected to provide some assistance. in this experience… read more · 2 min read sep 12, 2016 summative & formative this assignment took me way too long. anyways, during the process i could see the benefits of both summative & formative testing scenarios. initial i was going for summative, but i realized we could find similar data from formative. at least from the image that i thought of in my head about the assignment. it wasn’t clear on what the site looked like. the pdf element of the site was indecipherable. not sure what that meant. i chose formative because i think it would have produced the most valuable data and more of it. we had the opportunity to get… read more · 1 min read show more sep 5, 2016 choosing the number of participants this week in class we were to come up with rationale in using three participants for a usability test. luckily i have first hand experience in this. in the study using knowledge structures to redesign an instructor-operator station we learn that three expert pilots were used to expose usability issues within a suboptimal and familiar ui. in it the scientists investigate whether user familiar with a poorly designed ui would find items faster, and prefer a reorganized ui that conformed to domain expert knowledge, or would their familiarity with the original ui yield faster performance and higher satisfaction. the three… read more · 1 min read ken jackson product designer at observepoint. ux instructor & mentor at devmountain. kendjackson.com. research users, or die. about help legal get the medium app