get started open in app lely monalisa 16 followers about follow sign in get started follow 16 followers about get started open in app nov 2, 2019 redesign tampilan halaman notifikasi pada tampilan notiifkasi atas, saya akan mencoba untuk menganalisis dari segi kegunaan secara fungsional dan tampilan. pada tampilan halaman notifikasi ini saya mengasumsi bahwa tampilan notifikasi ini ditujukan untuk memberikan informasi yang diberikan kepada pengguna dalam suatu mekanisme aplikasi digital payment. dalam meredesign tampilan ini saya menempatkan diri berperan sebagai pengguna yang penasaran terhadap setiap mekanisme informasi ikon yang ada. saya merumuskan secara garis besar berikut ini 1. home button pada ikon ini saya berpikir sebagai halaman utama dalam aplikasi memberikan informasi penting yang akan diberikan kepada pengguna. … read more · 2 min read 1 1 may 31, 2019 redesign acc career homepage objective identify pain points in jobs seeking’s current process and redesigning homepage display. https://career.acc.co.id/ default 100% target user the interviews are conducted to five students who are familiar with technology, for instance website or mobile apps (tech savvy) access internet with min six hours/day utilization. the hypothesis is drawn from the users who utilizes the websites to look for a/an job/internship. the correspondents’ age range is between 20–30 years and focuses on the fresh graduate correspondents who seek for an internship and employment required for the fresh graduate (acc established a requirement which stated that the maximum age of the user is 30 years old). task there… read more · 4 min read 3 published in nyc design ·may 29, 2019 topcoder bootcamp yogyakarta 2019 — day 1 review may 27, 2019. first day of bootcamp ui/ux by topcoder 2019 in jogja digital valley with the speaker are mas afif bimantara (afif bimantara) and mas khusnun irawan (khusnun irawan) . the first speaker was presented by mas afif discusses the basic making ui design, so what must know? 1. ui design apps ui design is about how we make user interface which is will be used by the user. design app has goal to realizing product owner’s design solves the problem in a product that contains flow, interface and scheme that will be used. … read more in nyc design · 3 min read 9 published in nyc design ·mar 18, 2019 ux(user experience) trapped between the door source : http://www.baddesigns.com/doors.html what do you think about the picture? is the bad design? the picture show a walk/corridor connecting two building? what is the problem? there are two problem about it design. the first problem is the handled are design for pulling than pushing. the second is sets of doors work in opposite ways. to pass through the walkway you must first pull open one set of doors and then push open the second set of doors. how about the solution ? 1. installing the swing doors that can be opened by pulling and pushing 2. how about to installing appropriate door… read more in nyc design · 3 min read 2 mar 16, 2019 hello, hello! my name is lely monalisa, but you can call me lely. i am interested about ux since one year ago when one of my lecturers, mr. insap santoso taught hci lessons. i remember the very first event that i joined was ux gama. it was the best experience of my life. and because of that, in august 2018 i joined topcoder ui/ux design workshop yogyakarta. unfortunately, my eagerness was neglected, i didn't learn ui/ux again for 6 months. but i am grateful that i have had the opportunity to relearn and explore ux, product design, and business development lately… read more · 1 min read 1 lely monalisa hci enthusiast about help legal get the medium app