beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer how to how to use google assistant on windows, macos, and linux android how to run android on linux using virtual machine latest linux 10 best lightweight linux distros for old computers and low-power systems compared to windows, most linux distros are generally lighter on system resources, making them better suited for computers with older-gen hardware. however, the latest... kishalaya kundu - mar 17, 2021 how to use google assistant on windows, macos, and linux google assistant is one of the most widely used voice assistants in the world. although it supports a wide range of products including smartphones,... subin b - feb 15, 2021 how to run android on linux using virtual machine recently, we curated a list of top android emulators for linux systems and were disappointed to find that there is no proper application that... arjun sha - oct 22, 2020 how to install appimage programs on chromebook if you are new to chromebook then i would highly recommend you to set up linux on chrome os. it would allow you to... arjun sha - jun 19, 2020 15 best linux games for 2020 (steam, proton, and lutris) in 2020, it feels like linux gaming has finally arrived. i say this because you can now truly play a number of aaa title... arjun sha - jan 30, 2020 how to install flatpak and snap app store in linux on chromebook [gui] while linux support on chromebook is a welcome development, it hardly means anything for general consumers. one of the reasons is no graphical user... arjun sha - jan 7, 2020 22 best linux apps on chromebook you should use it has been more than 3 years since project crostini (linux support) was announced and now the majority of chromebooks have linux app support. initially,... arjun sha - jan 4, 2020 how to use linux on your chromebook of late, software giants are incorporating linux into their standard operating system in one way or the other. microsoft brought the linux subsystem on... arjun sha - dec 24, 2019 10 best sketch alternatives fora windows and linux sketch is a modern graphics design app for macos that took the world by storm after its release in 2010. it is now the... shivam raj - may 28, 2019 12 best mi 8 se features and tricks that you should know a few weeks back, we published an exclusive news informing our readers that the xiaomi mi 8 se will be coming to india, albeit... rachit agarwal - jun 25, 2018 10 best free partition management software you can use managing your hard-drive partitions effectively is an important aspect of owning a pc, as that allows people to segregate data based on categories. for... kishalaya kundu - aug 6, 2017 how to use iphone with linux (guide) iphones are, by definition, restricted to sync with itunes. that is, unless you jailbreak them. while i personally have no issue with this, the... akshay gangwar - mar 5, 2017 15 best terminal emulators for linux have you noticed that articles about linux terminal emulators usually say something like "the terminal is not scary"? well, they're not wrong. the terminal... ivana isadora - feb 28, 2017 10 linux markdown editors you should try why do so many people stick to plain text documents for their notes and to-dos when we have all those fancy apps at our... ivana isadora - jan 31, 2017 5 best screen recorders for ubuntu you can use linux is a very powerful operating system, but it's also highly accessible to a large number of people, thanks to distros such as ubuntu, and the... akshay gangwar - jan 23, 2017 how to install linux on chromebook (guide) chromebooks are meant to be easy to use, and that is exactly where chrome os shines. however, chrome os isn't as functional as compared to... akshay gangwar - jan 20, 2017 12 handy ubuntu keyboard shortcuts you should definitely know ubuntu is one of the most popular linux distributions, which is probably due to the fact that it easy to use, and is friendly enough for... akshay gangwar - jan 19, 2017 how to create bootable live usb with multiple linux distros one of the advantages of most linux distributions, is the fact that you can run them off of a live usb, without having to install the... akshay gangwar - jan 17, 2017 how to install kde on ubuntu 16.04 and ubuntu 16.10 ubuntu is a very popular linux distro, a feat that can be accredited to the fact that it is highly friendly, even for people who're just... akshay gangwar - jan 16, 2017 how to flush dns cache in linux dns, or a domain name system, is responsible for resolving website names into their respective ip addresses. there are multiple dns servers and you... akshay gangwar - jan 14, 2017 123page 1 of 3 popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle partner content mygate: the must have app for gated communities! recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited