beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer how to how to use google assistant on windows, macos, and linux google chromebook vs laptop: which one to buy latest mac how to disable ‘change file extension’ warning on mac many a time, when you’re trying to mess around with files on your mac, you might want to change the file type or the... akshay gangwar - mar 31, 2021 list of all apple devices to launch in 2021: complete timeline going by a series of leaks and a host of reports offering substantial sneak peeks, apple is gearing up to launch over a dozen... rajesh mishra - mar 12, 2021 how to use google assistant on windows, macos, and linux google assistant is one of the most widely used voice assistants in the world. although it supports a wide range of products including smartphones,... subin b - feb 15, 2021 how to force apps to run with rosetta in m1 mac with the new m1 macbook air, macbook pro, and mac mini, apple has started the ball rolling on its much-awaited architecture shift from intel... akshay gangwar - feb 3, 2021 how to control individual apps’ volume in m1 mac the new m1 macs bring a lot of cool features including the ability to run touchscreen apps and more. however, one feature that's still... akshay gangwar - feb 1, 2021 how to use touchscreen apps with keyboard on m1 macbook apple’s new macbooks run on the company’s in-house apple m1 chips based on the arm architecture. while this means a lot of great things... akshay gangwar - jan 29, 2021 how to adjust keyboard brightness in m1 macbook the new macbook air and macbook pro with apple m1 chips have been out for a while and everyone seems to be loving apple’s... akshay gangwar - jan 28, 2021 how to edit images using photos app on mac (complete guide) while i prefer to have the best photo editing apps at my disposal for enhancing my shots, they aren't always on top of my... rajesh mishra - jan 27, 2021 how to fix ‘computer account creation failed’ error in m1 mac apple's recently launched mac mini, macbook air, and macbook pro with the apple m1 chips are being very well received. the new apple silicon... akshay gangwar - jan 25, 2021 15 cool spotlight tips and tricks for mac you should know spotlight made its first appearance on mac more than a decade ago and still remains one of the most-loved features of macos. what originally... rajesh mishra - jan 25, 2021 how to prevent spotlight from searching specific locations on mac spotlight has long been an iconic mac feature - along the same line as the versatile dock. what makes it a useful asset is... rajesh mishra - jan 22, 2021 how to use mac touch id in 1password chrome extension when it comes to password management, seamless experience counts a lot, which is what makes 1password a big deal. whether it's creating strong passwords,... rajesh mishra - jan 21, 2021 how to customize share menu extensions on mac along with the versatile dock and the ios-style control center, "share menu" is one of my favorite macos features. thanks to the integration with... rajesh mishra - jan 19, 2021 how to create a macos big sur iso file using terminal there is more than one reason why you may want to create a macos big sur iso file. maybe you wish to install macos... rajesh mishra - jan 12, 2021 how to extract photos from pdf documents on windows, mac, android, and iphone there are all sorts of reasons why pdf remains the first choice as the most preferred document format. whether it's the universal compatibility or... rajesh mishra - jan 7, 2021 5 ways to transfer files between android and mac using an android phone with a mac is all good until you need to transfer files between the two devices. that's where things fall... akshay gangwar - jan 6, 2021 how to customize and use night shift on mac to prevent the screen from straining the eyes, i prefer to switch between dark mode and night shift on my mac. what makes the... rajesh mishra - jan 5, 2021 how to switch users in mac in quick easy steps ipados might have become the more interesting operating system in recent years, but it still lacks some basic functions. one of those is the... akshay gangwar - jan 5, 2021 10 best apps for focusing on your work (free and paid) 2020 has been a rough year for most of us. the concept of routine became inane and it became tough to stay laser-focused at... subin b - dec 30, 2020 how to access hidden mac settings macos gives you plenty of options for customisation and setting things up just the way you want them. however, if you love tinkering with... akshay gangwar - dec 28, 2020 123...14page 1 of 14 popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle partner content mygate: the must have app for gated communities! recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited