get started open in app mitch mills 23 followers about follow sign in get started follow 23 followers about get started open in app published in the startup ·may 15, 2020 how a dated feature could be tomorrows usability standard. gaining ui inspiration from the past. if you could travel through time with a single idea from today, which idea would you choose and where would you travel too? a simple yet truly fascinating question that gives way to a variety of answers, many in the hopes of achieving status or wealth by visiting the past. more interestingly however is just how few of us would think to carry that idea forward into the future. ? have you ever accidentally sent an incomplete message, or maybe made a transfer with the wrong amount to someone. these sort of blunders happen frequently, often all it takes is a tap of a finger. sometimes the unintentional press of a button can have dire consequences for a user, leading to the loss of data, requiring rewriting paragraphs of lost content, frustrating support calls, submitting tickets, and other various stressful situations. … read more in the startup · 4 min read 68 published in prototypr ·apr 24, 2020 how we simplified user on-boarding of 925's mobile app — a ux case study connecting businesses to people looking for flexible work. prologue: while this is fundamentally a showcase of our process in the hopes of helping others, it’s also a story about the realism of limitations when working with clients and how we ultimately were able to deliver a product the client was pleased to receive and call their own. on a day like any other autumn day in the office, i was approached by my employer with a rather vague request, “we have some business friends, they have a bit of a budget and would like us to rework the ux of their app, can you?” … a seemingly straightforward… read more in prototypr · 8 min read 71 2 published in nyc design ·sep 8, 2018 trove: a ux case study exploring the habits of wastefulness. for a moment, consider the fact that a third of the food grown annually for human consumption is never eaten. for one reason or another, it often ends up in the trash. yet at the same time, 815 million people around the world are starving. it’s a problem — however one with no shortage of solutions. i, along with most people i know, reluctantly throw away a great deal more spoiled produce then we care to admit. over the years, i have tried a few meal planners in hopes of helping remedy the often pungent decay of my compost bin… read more in nyc design · 9 min read sep 5, 2018 what language are you speaking? a simple guide to effective client communication. that moment when … “so i’m thinking we collaboratively streamline client-centric applications using objectively viral intellectual capital.” — the client nothing quite stings an ego like being on the receiving end of an unsuspecting onslaught of unfamiliar technical terminology. as the victim, we gaze blankly through dead eyes as our comprehension of life, the universe, and everything fades from a respectable “i get it” to a dismal “uhhhh”. alright, perhaps a bit dramatic. it does however raise the question: why should i trust the success of my business to a person who doesn’t understand what i’m saying? below i share… read more · 4 min read mitch mills branding | xd about help legal get the medium app