beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer mobile lg velvet dual screen: 4 features that make it exciting! android how to customize android 11 power menu using power menu controls latest mobile how to disable touchscreen on iphone and ipad before handing them to kids imagine you are in a situation where you have no other option but to hand over your iphone or ipad to your kid to... rajesh mishra - apr 3, 2021 how to fix google play services battery drain issue on android just like windows 10, android has its fair share of problems that continue to hamper the experience, no matter which android version you are... arjun sha - apr 3, 2021 how to set any song as iphone ringtone without itunes or pc (guide) the other day i ran into a guide about setting any song as a ringtone in android, and i couldn't help but laugh at... rajesh mishra - apr 2, 2021 how to use new siri voices in ios 14.5 on iphone and ipad with the release of ios 14 last year, apple brought some significant improvements for siri. whether it's the all-new compact ui or the more... rajesh mishra - apr 1, 2021 how to run adb commands on android without a computer while adb is generally built for developers to test apps, it's also quite helpful to the average consumer. for example, it allows you to... arjun sha - apr 1, 2021 snapdragon 780g vs snapdragon 765g: the best mid-range 5g chipset? after the unveiling of qualcomm's new 5g-enabled 7-series chipsets, the line between mid-range and flagship chipsets is getting blurred pretty often. recently, we have... arjun sha - mar 30, 2021 how to manage and deactivate linked devices in signal (android and ios) if you use signal, you probably already know that the app is also available on windows, mac, and linux, alongside android and ios. if... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 how to change google assistant voice and language on android, ios google assistant started out with just one voice (female), one language (english), and one accent (american) but has since expanded to offer multiple voices... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 how to auto-delete text messages (sms) on android and iphone old text messages piling up in your smartphone can be a major pain. it makes things chaotic, as well as eats up precious storage... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 how to disable shopping feature in microsoft edge on windows 10 and android in its chromium avatar, microsoft edge is regarded as one of the best web browsers across desktops and mobile devices. however, with an update... kishalaya kundu - mar 26, 2021 how to limit adult content in ios 14 on iphone and ipad apple's screen time comes with many parental control features to help keep track of your device usage and also block access to things like... rajesh mishra - mar 25, 2021 oneplus 9 pro hasselblad camera: worth the hype? oneplus has just launched the oneplus 9 series and while the phones come with decidedly flagship specs on paper, what’s really interesting about them... akshay gangwar - mar 23, 2021 12 best browsers for privacy on android and ios online tracking and surreptitious data collection have always been a massive cause for concern for most privacy-conscious users, and many netizens are now waking... kishalaya kundu - mar 23, 2021 what is switch control and how to use it on iphone and ipad for differently-abled people, the "accessibility" suite in ios devices has been no less than a boon. the ability to use the iphone through voice-over,... rajesh mishra - mar 22, 2021 10 best barcode and qr code scanner apps on android & ios both ios and android got native qr code scanners in 2017, thanks to apple and google adding the functionality to ios 11 and android... kishalaya kundu - mar 22, 2021 10 common ios 14 problems and their solutions while there is no denying the fact that ios 14 has garnered praise due to a host of all-new features and a ton of... rajesh mishra - mar 22, 2021 how to take screenshot in firefox private mode on android most modern android browsers prevent users from taking screenshots in incognito or private mode to safeguard the user's privacy. however, you can configure the... kishalaya kundu - mar 20, 2021 4 tips to fix “update apple id settings” issue on iphone and ipad of all the problems i have ever encountered on an iphone, the "update apple id settings" error has been most annoying to me, along... rajesh mishra - mar 20, 2021 10 best firefox add-ons (extensions) for android devices firefox add-ons might have originally only been available on desktop platforms, but mozilla extended add-ons support to the android version of the browser last... kishalaya kundu - mar 19, 2021 6 pro tips to fix imessage waiting for activation issue in ios 14 maybe you have recently switched from android to ios or upgraded from an old iphone to a new one and are setting up everything, including... rajesh mishra - mar 19, 2021 123...89page 1 of 89 popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle partner content mygate: the must have app for gated communities! recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited