beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer news apple vr headset: everything we know so far news apple announces virtual wwdc 2021 from june 7 to 11 latest news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study user privacy has become an important topic of discussion in recent times. we all know that tech bigwigs, such as google and apple, collect... dwaipayan sengupta - apr 4, 2021 this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party spotify introduced the "groups session" feature to let users collaborate with friends to create playlists for parties. however, it is only available for spotify... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally to help boost the country's ever-growing 'make in india' initiative, the government of india will offer $1 billion in cash to chip makers to... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents to help android users scan and organize documents on smartphones with ease, google has developed a new app dubbed stack. it is a document... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle to help xbox defeat skittles in the final round of twitter's inaugural #bestoftweets brand bracket, xbox marketing head aaron greenberg promised that microsoft would... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 indian railways bans charging of mobiles, laptops in trains at night you are about to board the train and suddenly realize that your phone is out of charge. you quickly reach for your power bank only... beebom staff - apr 4, 2021 lenovo legion 2 pro with 144hz display, sd888 & 90w charging launches on april... the gaming smartphone market has already seen new additions from asus and nubia. the asus rog phone 5 and red magic 6 series went... anmol sachdeva - apr 3, 2021 microsoft edge tests a floating desktop search widget microsoft edge started testing a weather and news widget earlier this year. it is similar to the one that was added to the windows... anmol sachdeva - apr 3, 2021 microsoft build 2021 scheduled for may 25 to 27 within the past two weeks, some of the most popular technology giants have officially announced the dates for their developer conferences. facebook f8 and... anmol sachdeva - apr 3, 2021 pixel 6 will be powered by a custom google-made mobile chipset nearly a year ago, reports of google developing its own chipset for use in pixel phones as well as chromebooks surfaced online. it was... anmol sachdeva - apr 3, 2021 check out real-life images of oneplus nord se that has been canceled oneplus marked its re-entry into the mid-range segment with the launch of oneplus nord last year. the oneplus nord has been pretty popular in... beebom staff - apr 2, 2021 new nokia audio products slated to launch on april 5 in india apart from selling budget and mid-tier smartphones, nokia is now venturing into other segments as well. the company launched the purebook x14 laptop late... beebom staff - apr 2, 2021 here’s your first look at moto g60 and moto g20; design and specs leaked after launching a bunch of new smartphones under its g-series recently, motorola is now aiming to debut two more moto g devices soon. called... beebom staff - apr 2, 2021 google will restrict apps from seeing installed apps on your device to prevent app developers from getting information about other installed apps on a user's device, google is bringing a significant change to its developer... beebom staff - apr 2, 2021 amazfit bip u pro with built in gps, alexa support to launch in india... after launching the gts 2e and gtr 2e in india earlier this year, huami is gearing up to unveil a new budget-centric amazfit bip... beebom staff - apr 2, 2021 sony to launch new xperia smartphones on april 14 sony is now all set to launch its latest xperia smartphones on april 14. as per recent sightings of a new banner on the... beebom staff - apr 2, 2021 casio unveils first g-shock smartwatch with a color display and google’s wear os casio has unveiled its "first g-shock smartwatch with google's wear os platform" for smartwatches today. the gsw-h1000 is a part of the company's rugged... beebom staff - apr 1, 2021 oneplus watch to get always-on display via future ota update after several leaks, rumors, and patent filings, oneplus launched its first smartwatch alongside the oneplus 9 series earlier last month. the oneplus comes equipped... beebom staff - apr 1, 2021 poco f1 users can upgrade to poco x3 pro for just rs. 10,999 in... following the launch of the latest poco x3 pro in india recently, we asked a question - is the poco x3 pro a true... beebom staff - apr 1, 2021 pubg mobile korean version will be unplayable in india starting from june 30 ever since the indian government banned the uber-popular mobile title pubg mobile in the country, players have looked for means to play the game... beebom staff - apr 1, 2021 load more popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited