get started open in app peter sealy 296 followers about follow sign in get started follow 296 followers about get started open in app published in med daily ·nov 22, 2019 (image by rawpixel from pixabay) the corporate life how to business the secret to corporate success my education gave me nothing more about the business world than “buy low, sell high” and “charge what the market will bear.” wise words, but those adages proved woefully inadequate for understanding what the business world is really about, which is cooperation — getting other people to do what you want them to do, when you have no control over them whatsoever. in books, on film, on tv, the business world is always about someone in a suit telling other people what to do. or some guru, their brilliance marked out by their black turtleneck, sharing their precious pearls of… read more in med daily · 2 min read 75 published in med daily ·nov 10, 2019 social media how to how to curate your instagram feed tips and tricks for making your feed more attractive a free art gallery your instagram feed is your shop window, your art gallery, your own personal magazine, or all of those things, a free space to show off your work, advertise your goods or services, or just have some fun. you have total control over what goes up on the wall, so like any gallery, shop or magazine, you’ll get the most out of it if you curate it to show your work in the best light. my own personal art gallery! (all screenshots in this article are from the author’s instagram profile; any work by another artist is shown by permission of the artist; remaining art and photography is by the author) archive is your friend the first rule of curation is to only post the good stuff. but rules are made to be broken, and we all end up posting images… read more in med daily · 7 min read 212 1 published in med daily ·oct 2, 2019 (source: photo by kate torline on unsplash) social media how to how to grow your instagram account organically engage, engage, engage! you are carefully curating the beautiful images you are posting to you instagram feed, but you want more people than just your mother and your brother and your two best friends to see them. how do you do that? engage! at the heart of every social media platform is engagement: you are creating relationships with people, so that they feel that they know and trust you, even though your only interaction is online. it’s as easy to buy followers on instagram as any other platform, but whatever the ads say, those followers will be hollow, fake accounts or spambots sitting on… read more in med daily · 5 min read 75 1 published in summit plus ·sep 10, 2019 (source: photo by you x ventures on unsplash) program management integrating scrum with corporate okrs aligning technical delivery to business goals introduction scrum has become the default approach of development teams, and okrs the default approach of management teams, so it is entirely likely that you will find yourself needing to integrate the two at some point. scrum and okrs both start and end in the same place — making sure the business gets what it needs when it needs it, given those needs can change on a dime. they are both founded on worker empowerment—bottom-up self-determination rather than top-down autocracy. they both function through short, results-oriented iterations surrounded by transparency and accountability. they both deliver continuous improvements through feedback. moreover, each… read more in summit plus · 9 min read 220 1 published in med daily ·aug 27, 2019 (source: photo by alexander bracken on unsplash) platforms what’s wrong with medium? it’s a social medium platform that doesn’t trust the “social.” medium is a wonderful forum, a social medium platform for writers to publish their work and network with each other, and i am grateful it exists. but it just doesn’t trust itself—maybe it’s significant that it dropped the word “social” from its name? remember yahoo! ? it was the first really useful internet search engine. it relied on curators to find links and classify them, to judge their relevance. it made finding things on the internet so much easier, and became everyone’s go-to search engine. then google came along, the first platform to truly use the power of “social,” recognizing… read more in med daily · 4 min read 858 7 published in med daily ·aug 20, 2019 detail, “blueprint for a landscape,” a mural by sarah sze at the 96th street subway station, new york city (photo by the author) my worst day at work a perfect september day just another day in the office, until it wasn’t my worst day at work began as one of my best. my worst day at work was the worst day for a lot of people, the whole country perhaps. my worst day at work was not nearly as bad for me as it was for so many others, and their families. read more in med daily · 10 min read 605 2 published in the writing cooperative ·aug 12, 2019 how to use dingbats to add flair to your articles and stories and a primer on some words you didn’t know existed (source: image mari77/pixabay/pixabay license) i’m sure you know what a dingbat is — most of us have zapf dingbats on our computers (or wingdings or webdings, if we’re stuck with windows) — it’s an ornamental character like this, ?, used in printing. emojis are a form of dingbat, although they also serve as shorthand for words or even sentences. dingbats come to us from the days of manual typesetting, when they were used to decorate boxes and borders of one kind or another, and they are still heavily used as bullet points. i’m not going to explain emojis — i think you’ve got that… read more in the writing cooperative · 8 min read 1.6k 7 published in med daily ·jul 26, 2019 things i wish i could tell my younger self i grew up without mentors, so i’ve had to figure everything out for myself or learn the hard way, through mistakes. there’s a lot that i’ve learnt, but if i had a time machine, these are the things i particularly wish i could go back and tell my younger self: get a job become an expert don’t wait until “some day” (source: photo by author) get a job get a series of jobs, actually. i managed to get through school, college and university without taking a single job. i spent my summers at the library, devouring every book in the place. but what i missed out on… read more in med daily · 4 min read 273 3 published in med daily ·feb 21, 2019 why agile? famously, half the money we spend on advertising is wasted, but even in this age of targeted marketing we don’t know which half. the same is surely true of technology — it’s fully as opaque to the average business person as advertising. i’ve seen all too many companies that are successful despite their technology, not because of it, and that includes some renowned industry leaders — their business practices are without peer, but under the hood their technology practices are an utter embarrassment. over the past few decades, many corporations tightly throttled their tech spending, a blunt workaround to compensate… read more in med daily · 2 min read 127 show more published in nyc design ·oct 5, 2018 the computer guide to dummies first, a word about dummies let’s be absolutely clear what i’m talking about here: dummies come in all shapes and sizes, short and tall, thin and diet challenged. they come in all races and gender preferences. but one thing unites them: for the most part, they are anything but dumb. some have spent years gaining experience in their respective fields of endeavor. some are newly minted, fresh out of school or college, ready to apply their keen minds to corporate domination. … read more in nyc design · 7 min read 112 1 peter sealy program management for technology transformations and complex projects. about help legal get the medium app