beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer 9.1reviews hp envy 15-ep0123tx review: a great laptop for creative professionals 8.6reviews lenovo ideapad gaming 3i review: work hard, play hard latest videos realme 8 pro first impressions! asus tuf dash 15 gaming laptop: first impressions! redmi note 10 pro max first impressions! realme buds air 2 review: buy or not? latest reviews asus aio v241 first impressions: a solid all-in-one for your home office as the coronavirus pandemic has by now taught is, work from home is not that bad. in fact, other than the relentless zoom calls,... akshay gangwar - mar 26, 2021 lenovo legion 5 review: a gaming laptop that pulls double duty for work one of the most common misconceptions people have about gaming on a pc or laptop is that you need to spend big bucks to... akshay gangwar - mar 2, 2021 amazfit gtr 2e review: the best smartwatch under rs. 10,000? i’ve been using smartwatches for years now, and very infrequently have i come across something that genuinely excited me. the amazfit gtr 2e (rs.... akshay gangwar - feb 3, 2021 samsung uv sterilizer and wireless charger review since the coronavirus pandemic spread around the world, there has been an explosion of home and office devices with uv lights claiming to disinfect... akshay gangwar - jan 18, 2021 lg tone free hbs-fn7 tws review: an exquisite but pricey affair for the most part, truly wireless earphones feel very much alike. true, you can get them in a variety of price ranges with a... akshay gangwar - jan 7, 2021 lenovo ideapad slim 5i review: a powerful workhorse it's been quite some time since intel announced its 11th-gen laptop processors, complete with the new logo design and intel iris xe graphics. and... akshay gangwar - jan 6, 2021 mi robot vacuum-mop p review: smart cleaning at a good price as far as robot vacuum cleaners go, there's no dearth of choices and options out there. however, most of them are from brands unheard... akshay gangwar - jan 4, 2021 imyfone anyrecover: a complete solution for all your data recovery needs losing your data can be a nightmare. whether it's due to a corrupt software problem or accidental deletion, losing your precious data is never... partner content - dec 23, 2020 dell g7 15 7500 review: a really impressive gaming laptop from dell as far as gaming laptops go, they all end up being pretty much on par with others in their price range. however, there are... akshay gangwar - dec 18, 2020 gopro hero 9 black review: an impressive upgrade as far as action cameras go, gopro is pretty much the biggest name in the game. the company has been making action cameras for... akshay gangwar - nov 3, 2020 hp envy 15-ep0123tx review: a great laptop for creative professionals recently, i was searching for laptops for creative professionals and i realised that there aren't a lot of options for someone looking for a... akshay gangwar - sep 10, 2020 asus tuf gaming a15 (fa566) review: “tuf” to beat anytime i review a 'tuf gaming' laptop, the expectations are usually all about great performance at a decent price. asus hasn't let me down... akshay gangwar - aug 24, 2020 jabra elite 45h review: a decent pair of headphones i have trouble recommending headphone reviews are a lot of fun. but they are also considerably difficult to write. after all, sound quality is a very subjective thing... akshay gangwar - aug 12, 2020 lenovo ideapad gaming 3i review: work hard, play hard there's no shortage of gaming laptops on the market. you can choose from a variety of options across different price points, multiple brand options... akshay gangwar - jul 21, 2020 sony wf-xb700 review: great sound, weird design sony has today launched its brand new truly wireless offering, the wf-xb700, in india. the new earphones look like a pretty nice deal for... akshay gangwar - jun 24, 2020 mi box 4k review: the tv box you were looking for for the longest time, i've held out on buying a smart tv to replace the 43-inch plasma tv i have at home for the... akshay gangwar - may 28, 2020 redmi earbuds s review: truly wireless freedom under ?2,000 yesterday, xiaomi launched the redmi earbuds s in india. the rebranded redmi airdots s come in at a highly competitive price point of just... akshay gangwar - may 27, 2020 mi true wireless earphones 2 review: impressive and well priced i'll be honest, i never imagined truly wireless earphones being as convenient as they are. however, i have been using a wide variety of... akshay gangwar - may 21, 2020 msi modern 14 a10rb review: a thin and light productivity powerhouse i have reviewed a fair number of laptops over the last few years and most of these have been gaming laptops that come with... akshay gangwar - mar 17, 2020 sandisk ultra dual drive go makes moving data between your phone and laptop a... even as external hard disks and external ssds become faster, better, and more affordable, there's little to dispute the practicality and handiness of a... akshay gangwar - feb 1, 2020 123...18page 1 of 18 popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle partner content mygate: the must have app for gated communities! recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited