get started open in app richie chen 148 followers about follow sign in get started follow 148 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·sep 22, 2018 redefining new york public library’s digital search experience with the enhancement of ai redefining new york public library’s search experience with ai: if your team was capable of implementing artificial intelligence, how does that affect the design in redefining the search experience of a website? over the past week, i focused my efforts on looking into new york public library as my fictional client to improve their digital experience. i started my research on the topic of ai and discovered 3 main ways a big public organization can benefit it’s users. … read more in nyc design · 6 min read 114 1 published in nyc design ·sep 10, 2018 learning a new language with lingualive project timeline: 2 weeks have you wondered what it’s like to pick up a new language? i believe many of us have a second language that we are familiar of, but what makes us excel in a new language we are trying to learn? rico, jen and i were assigned as user experience consultants to our client, lingualive, as part of p5, our last ux project at general assembly. we were tasked to test out their existing prototype, and deliver an external facing website as well as solutions to their prototype. read more in nyc design · 6 min read 1 may 14, 2018 medidoc: take ownership of your health over the past 2 weeks, i had the privilege to work with an a* team: caitlin aylward, frances biedenharn and ramon gamarra, on a project that we were passionate about. we converged towards the idea of health technology, as we had concerns caring for the people around us. however, in order to care for our loved ones, we understood the importance of self care in order to take care of others. read more · 8 min read 3 apr 23, 2018 best buy responsive web design best buy outlet from google images read more · 8 min read 8 apr 8, 2018 p2: yelp is adding a travel planning feature! team yelp from uxdi general assembly spectre ‘18 deliverable: 12 minute presentation hi -fi prototype project duration: 10 days aspects to consider: ways in which users currently use the yelp app aspects of travel planning that are/are not currently provided by yelp other apps that offer trip planning features: integrate features that help customers plan a trip itinerary allow customers to share trip experiences with friends via the yelp mobile app explore ways in which to implement a social feature to the app target device: native iphone or android app we are team yelp, tasked with increasing user engagement by creating a travel application feature to yelp’s platform. … read more · 9 min read 53 mar 30, 2018 health is wealth what surprise you most? dalai lama from google images when dalai lama was asked this, his response was, “man. because he sacrifices his health in order to make money. then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health. and then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived.” read more · 6 min read 6 published in nyc design ·feb 24, 2018 is technology your god? tecca- is technology your god? consuming technology on a daily basis can amount to easily more than half a day for an average person especially living in a cosmopolitan city in 2018, from the time you wake up by an alarm via your phone, checking your email, calling for an uber, ordering food online, checking social media, and getting around your day. i may not necessarily pray for wifi, but the time invested interacting with a screen that connects us to an online network far exceeds most staunch christians turning toward their god for prayer, worship and devotion combine. is that bad? well, there’s no… read more in nyc design · 4 min read 5 1 apr 14, 2016 uxid designer “introduce yourself and why you’re taking ux design immersive at general assembly.” i’ll start from the time i landed in new york 5 years ago, and it was my goal to pursue a bachelors in industrial design at pratt institute. experiencing foundation year at an art school was very familiar to my experiences in the art classes i took through out high school. however, things changed quickly when students dived into their specific majors the following year. … read more · 2 min read richie chen new york city-based designer by day, artist by night. www.richiechendesign.com about help legal get the medium app