get started open in app salman habib 29 followers about follow sign in get started follow 29 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·5 days ago don’t destroy ux designers photo credit: alvaro reyes ux designers are playing a very important and crucial role in society. there is only one bridge (ux designers) that connects technology and users. in the last ten years, smartphones made a very strong grip on every person in society. it doesn’t matter you are educated or not, but everyone is using social media platforms like facebook, instagram, snapchat & twitter. especially after the pandemic, everyone is compelled to do shop online, order food and grocery items. now ux designers have to do more work and make new strategies than in the past. let’s move towards our topic, i think… read more in nyc design · 3 min read published in nyc design ·sep 15, 2020 psychological wars in jobless mind what happened now? what is my future? how i can get job? do i have to improve my skills? how i will survive without earning? what happened if i will reject in interview? others have more skills and confidence. my life will be destroy if couldn’t get job now. all my friends have jobs or business, how i can compete with them? how i will face my family and society with jobless status? i have skills but no job. is there any bad luck with me? human mind is full of complexities. it depends on us that we control it… read more in nyc design · 3 min read published in nyc design ·jul 15, 2020 a new user, candour design and user experience it is a fact that some accidents, incidents and natural disasters precede many changes and gradually human life adopt these changes. but covid-19 has rapidly changed the way of life. this virus has done a lot of damage to every industry but on other hand e-commerce business has grown faster than expected. an example of this is the sudden increase in the wealth of amazon owner jeff bezos. now everyone is doing or thinking of doing their business online. in short, in coming days you will see every business existence online in the form of website or mobile application. as… read more in nyc design · 2 min read published in nyc design ·jul 14, 2020 remote jobs, freelancers and corona (covid-19) today, human life is going through a very important turning point in history. corona (covid-19) makes very strong impact on our life style and financial status. financial conditions have deteriorated to the point where most developed countries are struggling to survive. but when it comes to freelancing and remote jobs, the future looks bright. read more in nyc design · 2 min read 1 published in nyc design ·aug 22, 2019 user behaviours and product features nowadays i am working on a social product and before designing i did some user and product research. for product research i studied facebook, instagram, whatsapp and snapchat features. most common feature of all product is “story”. read more in nyc design · 2 min read 3 published in nyc design ·aug 20, 2019 ux designer survive in agile expedition if you are working in a software house as a ux designer, i hope you are facing many issues regarding agile working environment. until today agile is playing very beautiful role for software engineers and developers but if i talk about ux designers they are struggling under the umbrella of agile. but after 7 years of experience in software houses i find some solutions for ux designers who are working under agile environment. read more in nyc design · 2 min read 3 jul 12, 2019 emotions, logics & user experience nowadays we are riding on a technology horse and his speed is increasing day by day. every human being is connected to technology directly or indirectly. from our wrist watch to advance ai robots, everything is programed and working on logics. people talking about augmented intelligence, augmented reality and many more. actually reality is different “every human being can live without technology but without emotions there will be only robots.” i have an example, few years ago i heard a story from someone “a boy stolen a motor bike but he captured by police and they took him to police… read more · 2 min read 26 1 published in nyc design ·jul 11, 2019 steve jobs & user experience in my professional life i always think about steve jobs. when i started my career as a ui/ux designer 7 years ago, inspiration behind it steve jobs, his professional life, his innovations and his quotes. in this article i am going to explain how i find user experience in steve’s quotes. get closer than ever to your customers. so close that you tell them what they need well before they realize it themselves. steve jobs in above quote steve is talking about customers and as a ux designer i can assume my customer which are my users. … read more in nyc design · 2 min read 256 jul 10, 2019 careem vs uber – customer experience as we know uber officially takeover careem but if we compare uber and careem? careem has less users than uber. but as a ux designer & researcher i deeply observe both companies’s users and their behaviours. uber has very successful in countries which are developed and careem has more users than uber in underdeveloped countries. as uber complaint management service is email based and careem is providing call complain service. it you have any problem or captain is not responding, you can easily call customer service. in underdeveloped counties large number of people don’t… read more · 2 min read 2 show more jul 8, 2019 exploitation of ux designers you are a user experience designer and looking for a job. by luck you get a call for interview. today is your interview and you have many things in your mind like personas, user research, user problems, wireframe, prototype & testing etc. so you are ready for interview. after general introduction interviewer ask a question related to user interface or graphics design. i know mostly ux designer has graphics background but right know you are here for ux designer vacancy. i have this kind of experience i was talking about user research, personas and wireframes and… read more · 1 min read 20 salman habib ux designer & researcher about help legal get the medium app