beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer tech how to download and install pubg lite for pc in any country smartphone blackberry evolve, evolve x hands-on: not enough substance for the price latest tech how to directly transfer icloud photos to google photos whether you are planning to switch from ios to android or make google photos the go-to platform to save your photos and videos in... rajesh mishra - mar 26, 2021 5 tips to fix “accessory may not be supported” error on iphone and ipad the "accessory may not be supported" error on iphone has existed for a long time. most of us have encountered it at some point... rajesh mishra - mar 17, 2021 10 best emoji apps everyone should try emojis, together with gifs and stickers, have become an integral part of fun-filled messaging. they tend to light up even a seemingly boring conversation.... rajesh mishra - mar 8, 2021 top 10 free cad software you should use computer-aided design (commonly referred to as cad) has become an integral factor that moves the world forward. cad lets you design everything from tiny... arjun sha - mar 2, 2021 10 best free word processors you can use microsoft word has almost become synonymous with word processors, but its high pricing has stopped many users from using its services. naturally, a lot... arjun sha - feb 26, 2021 list of smartphones with 90hz, 120hz and 144hz refresh rate display (updated) after the quad-camera setup and fast charging trend, it’s time for high refresh rate displays on smartphones. smartphone makers have been launching some excellent devices... arjun sha - jan 18, 2021 the infuriating flaw in google nearby share no one is talking about after a year of tease, nearby share was finally unveiled by google in august, this year. currently, nearby share is available only on android... arjun sha - nov 5, 2020 winx mediatrans is the easiest way to transfer files between iphones and pc while apple has been making it easier and more seamless for mac users to connect to their iphones to transfer files, if you’re an... partner content - nov 4, 2020 google meet vs zoom vs microsoft teams: an in-depth comparison back in december, zoom had 10 million daily users and now it caters to more than 300 million participants every day. as the pandemic... arjun sha - may 26, 2020 10 best manga apps for android and iphone as a kid, i could count on comics to sail through plenty of free times. while i loved all sorts of comics, mangas aka... rajesh mishra - apr 16, 2020 10 pushbullet alternatives to counter its free version limitations pushbullet is one of the best utility tools you can use to quickly and conveniently transfer files between your android device and pc, send sms... arjun sha - apr 13, 2020 extract text from images and pdfs with best ocr software these days, almost everything (e.g. photos, music, videos) has gone digital and that makes sense, as digital content can be conveniently managed. so how... arjun sha - apr 13, 2020 10 best skype alternatives for voip, video calls, and conferencing skype was one of the first apps to offer voip calls back in 2012 and hence it was the app to beat for many... rachit agarwal - apr 2, 2020 top 10 games like clash royale you should play clash royale has been enjoying its time as one of the most popular games on mobile devices. it combines the goodness of card games with... beebom staff - mar 20, 2020 10 best faceapp alternatives you should try faceapp has again gone viral for its ingenious ability to create old-age photos using ai. you can create your aging photos in just a... beebom staff - mar 19, 2020 best smartwatch 2020: top 10 smartwatches to choose from trying to find the best smartwatch of 2020 is proving to be a difficult task given the rate at which the market is expanding.... arjun sha - mar 12, 2020 how to use data saver to stream low quality apple tv shows on iphone ios 13.4 consists of some notable features including a super handy "data saver" for apple tv. not that ios didn't offer a way to... rajesh mishra - feb 24, 2020 8 apps to test hardware on android whether you want to test the performance of your phone, confirm the hardware configuration, or simply check if everything is working properly, there are... beebom staff - feb 18, 2020 10 best chromebooks for kids you can buy while chromebook is now preparing to enter the mainstream laptop market with linux, android and steam support, let's not forget that chromebooks were primarily... arjun sha - jan 22, 2020 10 common problems in windows 10 (with solutions) windows 10 is unquestionably awesome with its experimental yet innovative features. along with exciting and new windows 10 features also come bunch of bugs... beebom staff - nov 15, 2019 123...28page 1 of 28 popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle partner content mygate: the must have app for gated communities! recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited