beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer beebom android ios mac windows linux smart gadgets gaming log in welcome! log into your account forgot your password? recover your password beebom news reviews how to best of mobile android iphone internet alternative pc linux mac windows videos more about us contact us we are hiring advertise privacy policy and disclaimer how to how to use google assistant on windows, macos, and linux google chromebook vs laptop: which one to buy latest windows how to automatically empty the recycle bin on windows 10 older versions of windows already offered you the option to limit the space used by the recycle bin. however, with windows 10, you can... kishalaya kundu - mar 30, 2021 asus aio v241 first impressions: a solid all-in-one for your home office as the coronavirus pandemic has by now taught is, work from home is not that bad. in fact, other than the relentless zoom calls,... akshay gangwar - mar 26, 2021 how to disable touchscreen in windows 10 (3 methods explained) thanks to devices like the surface laptop go and the new surface pro 7+, touchscreens are becoming increasingly common in windows devices. however, the... kishalaya kundu - mar 10, 2021 how to lock specific apps in windows 10 windows has always had a number of important apps that we adore. and with the advent of windows 10 and its universal apps platform,... beebom staff - mar 9, 2021 10 best windows 10 browsers you should use thanks to the launch of some notable browsers over the past few years and vast improvements in the major players that have been ruling... rajesh mishra - mar 5, 2021 how to delete and disable cookies in google chrome on android and windows http cookies were originally meant for websites to remember useful information about the user so as to better serve them. they are, however, often... kishalaya kundu - mar 5, 2021 how to encrypt local backups of iphone or ipad on windows when you back up your iphone or ipad to icloud, apple automatically encrypts the backup to safeguard your data against unauthorized access. however, when... rajesh mishra - mar 4, 2021 how to change default new folder name in windows 10 the default name for any newly-created folder in windows 10 is 'new folder'. it is, however, customizable, which means you can change the default... kishalaya kundu - mar 4, 2021 how to speed up windows 10 (effective methods) despite windows 10's widespread popularity, certain issues still exist, and people are always wary if the next update will botch up the performance. currently,... beebom staff - mar 3, 2021 how to run old apps in windows 10 using compatibility mode microsoft may have long deprecated windows 7 in favor of windows 10, but many users, especially enterprises and institutions, run their own applications that... kishalaya kundu - mar 3, 2021 ssl certificate error on google chrome? here are the fixes we all know google chrome is one of the best browsers available on windows 10 having features like extensions and enhanced safe browsing that... arjun sha - mar 3, 2021 10 best apps to control windows pc with android and iphone remote access applications, like logmein and teamviewer, let you access windows pcs from another windows device in a server/ client configuration. however, did you know... kishalaya kundu - feb 26, 2021 how to dual boot chrome os and windows 10 (supports play store) we have already written a dedicated article on how to install chrome os on pc, but many users are looking to run chrome os and windows 10 side... arjun sha - feb 24, 2021 how to enable or disable file system access for apps in windows 10 with windows 10 build 17101, microsoft introduced new granular controls for users to decide which universal windows platform (uwp) apps can access the full... kishalaya kundu - feb 24, 2021 how to enable ie mode in microsoft edge chromium microsoft deprecated internet explorer in favor of edge chromium in recent builds of windows 10. the new browser, which comes with a plethora of... kishalaya kundu - feb 19, 2021 how to enable or disable camera and microphone in windows 10 webcams and microphones in laptops and smartphones are an everyday necessity in the twenty-first century, and even more so in this era of zoom... kishalaya kundu - feb 18, 2021 how to allocate more ram to specific apps in windows 10 do you know you can specify how much ram you want a particular app to use on your windows 10 computer? whether it's your... kishalaya kundu - feb 15, 2021 how to use google assistant on windows, macos, and linux google assistant is one of the most widely used voice assistants in the world. although it supports a wide range of products including smartphones,... subin b - feb 15, 2021 4 best apps to bring back windows 7 start menu to windows 10 (free... windows 10 brings tons of improvements over its predecessors in terms of performance, functionality, and security, but the one area where people still miss... kishalaya kundu - feb 15, 2021 15 tips to improve battery life in windows 10 laptops windows 10 has often been blamed for consuming more power than its predecessors, including windows 7 and windows 8/8.1. microsoft, however, has rolled out... kishalaya kundu - feb 12, 2021 123...14page 1 of 14 popular news android collects 20 times more user data than ios, reveals study news this app lets your guests vote for what music to play at the party news indian govt will offer $1 billion to chip-makers to set up factories locally news google stack is a camscanner alternative that lets you scan and organize documents news microsoft to sell xbox series x mini fridges after winning twitter battle partner content mygate: the must have app for gated communities! recently updated: contact us advertise about us contact us advertise about us © beebom media private limited