get started open in app yemurai katanda 22 followers about follow sign in get started follow 22 followers about get started open in app published in nyc design ·oct 19, 2018 reflection point: icons are everywhere icon set it’s amazing how many icons are a part of our day to day lives. they are generally small and simple but have a huge impact and can communicate complex ideas. in fact, icons can quickly and effectively communicate concepts and information that we would otherwise never bother to read as we go about our day-to-day activities. consider the remote controller for your latest home or office device. when was the last time you looked at instructions for how to use the remote controller? in fact, we expect using a remote controller to be intuitive after putting in all the work… read more in nyc design · 4 min read 14 published in nyc design ·oct 18, 2018 reflection point: the medium cycle these days when i am not writing about design, as i am now, i am being sucked into a virtuous(?) cycle of medium articles on ux, the infinite number of ways to be more efficient, and politics. whatever you can think of, someone has probably written about it on medium and what starts of as a humble and doubtful wandering around the site can turn into an afternoon of learning the varied opinions about the latest box office release or universal basic income in silicon valley. how does this happen? … read more in nyc design · 2 min read oct 14, 2018 information architecture from the census to the supermarket retro vintage shopping woman-artsybee-pixabay from the advent of the first piggly wiggly self service grocery store in 1916 to today’s two trillion dollar online shopping industry, the goals of retailers and shoppers have been the same but how those goals are achieved has evolved. for retailers, the overarching goal is to make more money by selling their goods; for shoppers, the goal is to be able to find and purchase the products they need with ease. enter, information architecture. information architecture is the structural design of information or content. within a digital product so that users can find what they are looking for easily… read more · 4 min read 2 oct 14, 2018 waiting in line with words with friends words with friends 2 is a word game developed my zynga and also the only game on my phone. the game invites you to ‘test your vocabulary skills!’ by playing a word making game, akin to scrabble, with friends, strangers, or even by yourself. it’s a great way to pass the time waiting in line without feeling guilty — after all, you are boosting your vocabulary skills! as one of the leading mobile games, words with friends 2 is a great example of how successful application of usability heuristics makes a significant contribution to an overall positive user experience. read more · 7 min read published in nyc design ·sep 26, 2018 bringing african art to your doorstep…or not after several weeks trying to find local but affordable art for our home, my husband and i decided to start an online african art auction business to solve our own problem. to us, it sounded like the beginning of what could be a million dollar business. after all, didn’t all great start ups begin with founders wanting to solve their own problems? we were ready to bring african art to the world, and to your doorstep…if you visited our website and placed the highest bid on our curate art pieces. we called it africanvas. bringing african art to your doorstep we started by doing some online… read more in nyc design · 4 min read sep 23, 2018 jbl pulse 2 — designed for you the jbl pulse 2 is made for you — with every aspect of its physical and technological design geared towards making it easy to bring music to every aspect of your life. the jbl pulse 2’s cylindrical shape and smooth but tactile speaker makes it easy to grip and carry around while delivering great sound quality, even at high volume. in fact, sound is amplified when you stand the speaker upright. … read more · 3 min read sep 18, 2018 the search for medical insurance information online this is the first in a series of posts over the next four months focused on my design musings and analyses. in this post, i analyse the design of three websites for companies that provide medical insurance in zimbabwe. over the last couple of weeks, my husband and i embarked on a search for medical insurance that would give us comprehensive cover for minor illnesses, minimal deductibles for major health events, and travel cover within the continent and beyond. our online search revealed a myriad of medical aid providers, but for the purposes of this post, i will evaluate the… read more · 7 min read yemurai katanda ux/ui designer, feminist, writer. about help legal get the medium app