get started open in app ‘hafeez babs? 93 followers about follow sign in get started follow 93 followers about get started open in app published in friends of figma lagos ·feb 24, 2020 recap: do businesses need design? the rapid rise in consumer expectation and constant need for personalised experiences of digital products makes it fairly easy to discuss the obvious benefits of designing great products. it is pretty easy to spot the difference between bad product design and a good one. however, design is very much understood differently across varying industries and sectors and its role has undergone varying levels of change in application over time. a more recent application of design is a mindset that shifts its focus away from just creating aesthetically pleasing things to a wholesome mindset in the form of design thinking. “design… read more in friends of figma lagos · 4 min read 11 published in noteworthy - the journal blog ·nov 15, 2019 why you should design with data perhaps, the most prominent step in innovation is coming up with a solution to a problem. but how do you design a solution to a problem you don’t understand? number problems “given one hour to save the world, i would spend 55 minutes defining the problem and 5 minutes finding the solution.” — albert einstein russell l. ackoff defined problems as ‘messes’ and i have not been able to think of a better definition. i mean, apart from merriam-webster’s definition of a problem as “ a source of perplexity, distress, or vexation”. … read more in noteworthy - the journal blog · 5 min read 287 sep 14, 2019 i want my money first! this is supposed to be an analysis of the user experience around atm machines but you can tell from the title that i might already be biased.????? let’s be clear moving to accra has been something i excitedly looked forward to and i couldn’t wait to settle in and begin exploring the city. one of such explorations led me to the mall for basic supplies, of course without a budget and i ended up needing extra cash. my alternative was to find the nearest mastercard atm machine and try to make a withdrawal with my nigerian bank atm card as i had informed… read more · 4 min read 187 1 published in product school ·feb 16, 2019 customer success as a prologue for product management “our reviews are dropping!” ? it has been an amazing few months for you and your team. your app made it to the top 10 of the app’s store rating for your category. but it’s been 3 days since you recorded a new sign up on your platform and there’s been a recent surge in complaints from your users leading to bad reviews. the product team immediately begins to roll out a roadmap for a new featurethat would ‘spark the interest’ of users. this is what happens when attention shifts from user-centered focus as part of a product’s core to… read more in product school · 4 min read 336 1 published in nyc design ·jan 3, 2019 could whatsapp’s voice note experience be better? a problem i have had with sending voice notes on whatsapp is the fact that i don’t get to ‘preview’ the voice notes before sending them thereby taking the huge risk of sounding awful in voice notes (i actually do, btw?). note: the views in this write-up are strictly mine. it serves as an effort in identifying user experience problems and attempting to solve them. now, that is out of the way, let’s get to the fun part!? finding a need first, i did a survey with friends that are existing users of whatsapp (and chronic ‘voice noters’) to find… read more in nyc design · 3 min read 91 2 published in friends of figma lagos ·oct 29, 2018 designing a wallet app; a case study designing a concept serves as a great way to up my ui/ux design skills and also serve as an addition to my portfolio. i mean, a beautiful design can’t do any harm to my portfolio, yeah? let’s dig in then!?. your all-in-one solution it’s the fintech age and barely a day would pass without an innovative financial technology solution popping up, so much so that the sector is now home to numerous innovative subsets. being the fan boy that i am ,? i couldn’t help but try my hands on designing another fintech experience. so, i designed a digital wallet. why a digital… read more in friends of figma lagos · 6 min read 439 aug 18, 2018 creating user persona in ux research; the why. user experience research is unarguably the most concentric approach to product design, and deservedly so. products are made for users, hence product design should have users as its focal point and since products are created to solve user problems, it is therefore necessary to put the focus on the users. this is why user experience (ux for short) is a major considering factor in product design and development. … read more · 3 min read 50 published in stutern stories ·may 3, 2018 curbing unemployment in nigeria, the stutern way. unemployment remains one of the major challenges facing the african continent. nigeria, with an average population of 190 million and a labor population of about 86 million stands at the top of this statistic. but then, how do you define ‘unemployment’? the national bureau of statistics categorizes individuals working fewer than 20 hours a week as unemployed while those working 20 to 39 hours as underemployed(although this approach is debatable, i’ll leave its discourse till some other day). somewhere within this categorization is the ‘more accepted’ understanding of unemployed as people who don’t even have jobs at all and barely… read more in stutern stories · 4 min read 243 nov 15, 2017 nigeria should walk the talk 2016 represented (and probably still represents) a year of countless political landmarks, one of such was the first budget proposal of the muhammadu buhari-led administration, ‘budget of change’. the era brought along a lot of challenges, setbacks, contemplations and doubts, from news that the budget went missing, to the introduction or rather announcement of padding into the nigerian political phraseology and even a certain ‘crisis’ between the administration and the legislature. the government, frankly speaking was still campaigning as though it was still the opposition while it was in fact in power! they took up… read more · 3 min read ‘hafeez babs? | front end web dev | uier/uxer | tech enthusiast | about help legal get the medium app